MovieID::::1
I was looking for halloween themed movies and stumbled over this... is there anything halloween related in this film?


Seen it years ago but can't remember squat
welp, been 3 years since anybody have commented
Well, there was supposed to be another sequel. From what I heard, the two guys go to Italy (to meet their new relatives, I suppose) & wind up meeting Italian versions of themselves.
i loved the first one is it like the first one or not??
128238 170 7 0 7
The more things change, the more they stay the same in Wabasha, Minnesota. The uncatchable fish named Catfish Hunter grows fatter. The wisecracks, zingers and put downs pile up like freshly raked leaves. And GRUMPY OLD MEN become grumpier in the sequel that's "pure delight, a wonderfully warmhearted comedy" (David Sheehan, CBS-TV). Grabbing fishing rods and picking up where they left off, JACK LEMMON and WALTER MATTHAU reel in another comedy winner as GRUMPIER OLD MEN. ANN-MARGRET, DARYL HANNAH, KEVIN POLLACK and BURGESS MEREDITH also return to the Land of 10,000 Lakes to reprise their roles. And SOPHIA LOREN is the newcomer whose plan to turn the town's beloved bait shop into a ristorante sends the old boys into a tizzy. Be advised: a tizzy is very contagious. Get ready to laugh. And stay tuned for the outtakes, including "man-sized manicotti!" "Better, funnier and even grumpier than the original."  - Joel Siegel, GOOD MORNING AMERICA/ABC-TV (c) 1995 Warner Bros. All Rights Reserved MPAA Rating: PG-13  (c) 1995 Warner Bros. All Rights Reserved #Trailer #WB
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::2
So this is what my English teacher is going to make us watch
What was the name of the music that was playing in the background in this Tom and Huck trailer video, hillaryannmarina?
I was forced to watch this against my will
The worst adaptation of Mark Twain's novel 2 ever come 2 the big screen, Elijah Wood's performance as Huckleberry Finn was more believable than Brad Renfro's
Fuck Ms Cervi
I remember seeing this film at My Summer Camp. And Yes, I did read The Adventures of Tom Sawyer at My Middle School as Part of The Start to Finish Book Series.
I remember seeing this preview on my old Disney VHS...I think it was Pocahontas. Never saw the film though.
this movie sucked a hot dick and i cant believe my dumbass child self went to see it in theaters
his (brad's) spirit lives on.  just call to him.  eeh, this is just a witch's kind of thing, though.
There black man friend is missing from the film
I had a huge crush on Brad Renfro in this movie.
oh ok good, so i wasn't the only one who was very hormonal while watching this movie as a 7-year-old
Injun Joe's on the move!
i remember having such a big crush on both of them when i was a kid <3 good times!
Mark Twain must have rolled in his grave over this film. :(
im only doing this because i have to
Jonathan Taylor Thomas is awesome.
its hard to believe but god bless you brad :'((
Um... he died in 2008... probably you didn't know about this, I guess?
WHAT?! he was like in his teens when this movie was made, and this movie was made in the 90's.  What happened?
of literature that is
I saw part of this movie, only a tiny amount.  And coincidentally I'm reading the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn in my english class.
0:54 Tom Sawyer got pwned!!!!!
it's painful to watch this trailer in general

Brad Renfro... I miss u :'(
Randy Taylor as Tom Sawyer? interesting....
@ 0:22 Holy shit it's Laney Boggs!
I always had a thing for huck when i watched this movie. Ahh those damn drugs! RIP
@PanicSunday Yeah, just finished reading it and that's right on. Seems like Disney wanted to make Tom the loverboy type and Huck the rebel, when in reality they were a lot more a like and I'd say Tom was more of the mastermind.
I'm such a pedophile. I'm 17 and I still think Brad Renfro is cute as Huck!
'hey becky' *gets pushed off a bridge*

'hey becky' *gets punched in the face*



ah, l'amour by donn hertzfeldt, much? ;)
@FromtheWordsofBR Pretty much every Disney movie ive seen had no swearing in it
@coolstuff5673 There's only 3 uses of cusses!
Is it me, or does this movie have a lot more killing and cursing then a regular disney movie
But is it just me or should Huck & Tom 's personality switch cause how they act in this movie is nothing like they are in the book. I always see Tom as the one who is leader-like.
Ya heroine at age 25, so sad.
Oh my gosh, what happen to him?
I've been looking all over for this movie. So much better than that other one with elijah wood. And Jonathan is a cutie.
0:55 My favorite part :)
"Hey Becky" [PUNCH!]
LMAO!
@townsendgirlie Me neither it would be nostalgic!
<3 this movie!
those were the days when i thought THIS movie was rebellious ;D
@Angelmickey32 Hell no! This movie's the best!
Hey! i remember this LOL!  but i was too little to see it >.<
brad looks funny in this, i should see it!
@SuperMetalmania666 ahahhahahahahaha love it.
I was smart. I saw this movie before reading the actual books Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Adventures of Huck Finn. The movie didn't ruin the books, and i had the image of Brad Renfro in my mind rather than some country hick. Probably the reason why i enjoyed the books so much.
The very beginning is funny too.
We saw this in English today. Huck is cute and fond of tripping Tom.
@TmSwyer: Ok, thanks for the explanation. I've just read The Adventures of Tom Sawyer but I haven't seen any film based on the Twain's book. This trailer is the first time I see any ecranisation of his works,
@asmodeus585 Just completely personality wise.  Tom was no push over, Huck followed him as oppose to the other way around.  In this one they make Tom too adorable as opposed to his realistic, mischievous and romantic kid.
@TmSwyer: Do you mean their looks or the plot? 'Cause even in this trailer I see scenes that were descripted differently in the book. Becky would never hit Tom.
I read Adventures of Huck Finn and I'm in the middle of Tom Sawyer and I have to say, this trailer really makes them appear nothing like their book counter parts.
you have a point there.
See this one's where Huck's actually the right age.... Not like the Elijah Wood one, where he's like 10....
Engine joe reminds me of tenzin from uncharted 2
yes i know that, passed away is the nicer way of saying that.
No,He ODed on Heroin after being relesed from prison.
brad renfro passed away
i miss the 90s
ohmygod, it's sooo upsetting to watch this and know that he's dead ):
He was truly good at what he accomplished though.
Especially in this. (:

I had a HUGE crush on both of them when I was younger. aha
i agree..elijah wood was awesome
old skool! I remember this came out when I was like 6 or 7
155561 135 14 0 74
A preview for this 90s disney movie. From the Aristocats opening. Thanks to videos4everybody.
PT1M
sd
MovieID::::3
Die Hard  Inside  A  Hockey  Arena  !     The  2nd  To  Last,   Good.   Jean- Claude Van Damme  Action  Pictures,    Ever  Made  !!!
2532 7 2 0 1
Terror goes into over-time.
PT49S
sd
MovieID::::4
6827 9 1 0 0
Subscribe to MovieTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/QcNd7j
More clips, photos, and news: http://bit.ly/Udr8d9

Follow Videodetective.com on facebook http://www.facebook.com/VideoDetective
Follow Videodetective.com on twitter http://twitter.com/VideoDetective

Subscribe to GameTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/RNaDlR
Subscribe to TVPromosByVD: http://bit.ly/Plupqf
Subscribe to MusicVideosByVD: http://bit.ly/Te5RuH

Director: Rob Reiner
Cast: Annette Bening, David Paymer, Martin Sheen, Michael Douglas, Michael J. Fox, Samantha Mathis
Studio: Sony Pictures Home Entertainment
Rating: PG-13
PT2M50S
sd
MovieID::::5
how was the lunatic planning on doing her in at the end
he cuts her as he said fine instruments he says she will feel it for hours
what exactly was he hoping to gain there
surely she would bleed out or die from either asphyxiation or possibly heart attack even shock
Ooooh. New movie to watch!
great thriller  saw this on vhs
the here kitty kitty kitty quote was corny but awesome flick otherwise.
Google:  Harry Connick Jr Weston, CT.  Learn that he's not a native of New Orleans and that he's a product of nepotism!
tommorow.avi is the greatest thing ever!
They don't make good movies like this anymore
I love this movie. Especially the apartment!...
The real author of the general idea is being shot to death by MARSHAL (judicial) in Mexico with gun by the agent I do not forget his name is Oscar Omar Ortega Vega. This passed real in Mexico.
Holly hunter sexy.
the one movie that still spooks me to my wits.... and i am a horror movie fan
Back in time, Sigourney Weaver was, beside great acting, one of the sexyest woman alive.
Pongan el minuto 1:45 hasta el 1:47
One of the best suspense thrillers of the 90's . Sadly it was overshadowed by Se7en
One of the best suspense thriller
+erik karlsson the murderer is not a surprise. You see him the whole film.
I love how the trailer shows the murderer... smart.
This is one of those movies that will remain with you it was done so well.
Unfortunately when it came out it was competing with some Box Office Sequels so it was overwhelmed and did well internationally and on rental at that time.
A FANTASTIC MOVIE AND A MUST SEE FOR THE SUSPENSE/THRILLER AND HORROR MOVIE FANS!!!
My JJV rating: 8/10********stars
Whoa fucking chill! I don't even like DMTH Jees!
Øv ville se hele filmen
I love this movie
One of my favorites.
Loved this movie.... This is one movie that really got me scared and i am a horror movie fan.
Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, NEVER compare Drag me to Hell to Aliens or Copycat EVER again, please.
There wasn't supposed to be a sequel. It was meant to leave you with a feeling of dread. Not all great movies warrant a sequel, and I'm glad they never did one, because it probably wouldn't have been nearly as good.
ma cazzarola è cosi' difficile caricare sto film ??? avra' 25 anni !!!!!!!!
great movie, the year would of been sweeter had the gators win the national championship over nebraska
Can someone please upload the full movie?
Also like Sam in drag me to hell.
we don t care about the trailer.... we wanna all the movie !!!!!
I hate this if
Any moment now, an Alien is going to burst through someone's chest. I HAVE FORESEEN THE FUTURE!!!
AHHHHH Good old 90's movies, giving everything away
I love how she says 'Here kitty kitty' like Brett does in Alien!
I want a new version of this, I now copies of other movies never gonna be better, but this is so old. I really just want the same actors and all, but just.. new.
I loved it - especially the apartment! : )
I agree with the killer from Se7en. All the preperation is scarier than anything.

But Buffalo Bill from SotL is just as much of a copycat as "Peter". since he copied Ed Gein.
Or he's carracter is based on Gein anyway.
Not just as disgusting tho.

"Peter" at least chooses to copy the most infamous killers. ^_^
The concept is definitely one that seems to work and has been used in other movies as well.  This picture certainly wouldn't win any awards, but for some odd reason I enjoy watching it. Really enjoy this genre.  I can still see my mother so totally engrossed in it LOL.



Hmm...a remake might be a good idea.  I for one would love to see it.
To each his own, I guess.



My mother was spellbound while watching this on TV.   I looked over and she was sitting on the edge of her seat during the entire second half.  Made me laugh because usually movies like this don't grab her in that way.  One of the reasons might have been that Weaver's character looked a lot like her when she was younger, so she associated with her.



Plus I'm a fan of Holly Hunter..
But your objective obseration and professional judgement don't count, and you don't matter. And how do you know I live in Arizona. For all you know I could be living in Arizona.
Dude this is my opinion, and I have the right to feel the way that I do about Copycat. So shut da fuck up.
I love Holly Hunter
My all time favorite Sigourney Weaver movie - beside Alien!
1:42



Alien Reference
1:43



Alien reference
Never get tired of watching this movie!
Scariest parts are the email messages.
@bettlebag
He's also in the police station; he say's "hi" to a cop. I have no idea what he was doing there, though.
@Cloudberrymeadow
I thought all toilet stalls were open from the top.
@anakin23
You forgot Insomnia and The silence of the Lambs!
@najhoant
Blown Away, with Jeff Bridges and Tommy Lee Jones?
@shan22044
And the trailer for Sugarcreek uses the theme from The Ring. lol.
This is one terrific movie .. riveting from start to finish ... great acting .. and when Dermot's character is shot ... oh just so heartbreaking ... a classy piece of film
And yes, I have seen Abduction with Sigourney. lease don;t mentiuon that. It's not even worth being called a movie.
Almost Anything Holly Hunter and Sigourney Weaver touch turn to gold.
/watch?v=lu7s5XfXG0k

your the copycat
@cotoxx22 The Police - Murder by numbers
Someone knows the name of the soundtrack? Is that The Police? Thanks
I luv dis movie. Dis will always in my opinion be one of da greatest movies of all times.
Aliens got Sigourney Weaver this role.
Why did they set it up for a part 2 at the end, yet never followed through?
@Monii326 go to letmewatchtthis- im watching it right now, with one of the links lol... oh if ur a tv fan sidereel is good :)
Excellent  !!!!!!!!!
this is one of the best psychological thriller i have ever watch~ way ahead its time, much more intelligent than most bullshit we have today. The camera work, the haunting score by christopher young and the screenplay is just terrific. But the sad thing is this movie did not the attention it deserves during its release in 1995.
LOVE THIS MOVIE my favorite part is when shes like "Here kitty kitty kitty"
Strange. The trailer for THIS movie uses music from The Pelican Brief and Interview with the Vampire...Totally not in the same genre.
@ReallyFunnyVidsNY Ok... I hope you are having a joke. If not, ana mareed!
one of my favorite thriller movie..... oh Hands rocking the cradle is also good. Why cant we see those kind of thriller movies anymore!!!
@blisterpacman i love annoying u people[: lol anyway idk y i wrote that...
I'm looking for a movie I found in a video store once. I don't remember the title, but it seemed to be about a kind of eco-terrorist like the Unabomber and was apparently made in the 90s. Does anyone know what movie that could be?
@mariopoolpoop1 and what's your point? seriously?
The music of this movie is simply excellent, I hear it everyday from my playlist.
It may be scarier but the killer in this movie doesn't even compare to Se7en or Silence of the Lambs.
So under-rated!  Holly and Sigourney are on fire!
the opening scene of this movie scared the shit out of me when i was little, i never saw the rest of it.
Damn I remmber this vid..... :s

Ms. Weaver is great in this movie. VERY thrilling. It got me into 'Murder By Numbers' by The Police.
The music used in this trailer is from 'The Pelican Brief', another excellent thriller.
Peter Cullen (Optimus Prime) FTW!!!
Add more tags! It's hard to find this trailer! By the way, very nice quality.
@mariopoolpoop1 lol'd.
@WednezdayAddamz  what? no
i remember this - god it looks old.
@mariopoolpoop1 hey, is this jessi slaughter
THat redhaired girl on that hippie festival scared the fucking shit out of my ass
i love this movie and im 11
@evanscn07 seven....
AH HA !!!  I figured out what that music is from interview with the vampire the scene when louie and claudia are on the ship after they set lestat on fire !!
scary as hell,these messages scared rhe crap out of me!
love it....great movie
any more great thriller movie like this one?
This is kind of like silence of the lambs.  From watching the movie you would think that the guy in the trailer is the villian of the movie.  Same for Hannibal Lecter in silence of the lambs.
one of the best plots ever
I was joking. Relax. Take a deep breath. I've seen the movie a thousand times. Saludos.
am telling the movie because i feel like it? do you have a problem with that? cause i hope you don´t. i don´t post comments in youtube to start a fight.
Harry Connick Jr is great as a serial killer.
Why are you telling the movie?
one of my all time favorite and a classic!!! love it!!
I watched this when I was about 10 years old and since then I've felt uneasy whenever I went to one of those toilet booth-thingies that are open from the top.
330807 374 16 0 121
Trailer for director Jon Amiel's film starring Sigourney Weaver, Holly Hunter, Dermot Mulroney, William McNamara, Harry Connick Jr.
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::6
2020 of January
This is different version?
0:50 i don't see this moment in normal version of this film
Just imagine a movie where Miguel Bain has the contract for Bruce Willis character in the Jackal
Awful movie.  Whatever the scriptwriter(s) was/were paid it was way too much.
"A woman. It is not the same as killing a man. You have to pull the trigger a different way."

That has to be one of the funniest lines in Hollywood history! LOL!
This movie should have had sequel one of Sylvester stallone best flim
In Assassins, Antonio Banderas was a latin version of the Joker.
was he hold a floppy disk? gangsta lol
how to make cash the easy way /  bank / backfire / three generation strategy on making it around / adrenalina
My favourite film about assassins.
Rocky Balboa/Rambo vs Armand
I missed the the 90's movie, they had good actors smart plot no green screen and yet best movies ever.
This is how trailers should be.
one of best of Sylvester action flicks 100%
Dhe amount of ritually-sickled hammers he had to polish in order to get where he is, dhough...
That scene where he says "he's not dead yet" isn't even in the picture, lol.
I really loved this movie but I got really mad after I saw a scene where Dutch people were coming. I was waiting for them to speak DUTCH, and they were speaking GERMAN! There's a difference! Sometimes, those scripts are so dumb (and the writers).
I hated Julianne Moore's character in this movie..otherwise decent flick!
Banderas' accent reminds me of Montalban's Khan.
Antonio Banderas at the laptop gif ftw!
antonio banderas needs to get an oscar for his part in this movie
thank you very much i was looking for it since long time, great quality
145729 227 14 0 30
Director: Richard Donner

Cast:Sylvester Stallone, Antonio Banderas,Julianne Moore.

Plot: Robert Rath is a seasoned hitman who just wants out of the business with no back talk. But, as things go, it ain't so easy. A younger, peppier assassin named Bain is having a field day trying to kill said older assassin. Rath teams up with a computer hacker named Electra to defeat the obsessed Bain.
PT2M42S
hd
MovieID::::7
he is so white....
WAY TOO MANY SPOILERS
2:42 When you nut, but she keeps on sucking.
is this a drama movie? looks intresing with all special effects tho im usually dont watch dramas!!
Lol I just sent this to my brother. The first time I watched this movie as a kid a lightning storm rolled through and struck a transformer right outside our window causing a huge explosion and loss of power. We had to watch it the next day when it was restored.  Was fitting with the theme though I'd love to see this murdery version now.
the music at end of trailer i feel is wrong as it makes Powder/Jeremy out to be a demon something relay bad and scary when he wasent okay some of the stuff was scary but he was a really sweet guy
lol bravo you done the impossible...your re-cut trailer with its creepy music made it sound like powder is a psycho serial killer lmao
The deer scene is funny when considering at the time of this film Ian's diet was all most exclusively meatloaf, hamburgers , sausages, Swedish meatballs, steakums, pizza and a few other things.
Dr. Frankenstein, while I'm laying dead on the ground? Great, these people are more sick than I thought. I all ready wrote about this but Ian is the one that told me that he was called Frankenstein in elementary school, I had absolutely nothing to do with it. These people are 100% full of shit, they are liars of the worst kind, these people cannot be trusted in any way shape or form. Nothing they say about me can be believed, regardless if it is good or bad. These people are as dirty as it gets. I just hope that these people don't have control over my life still, how can I be sure that I am safe from these criminals? What the hell could I do about it, if they still own me to this day.
This movie is the result of psychopathic criminals with far too much money and power.
i have this movie on DVD  somewhere also found the full movie on Putlocker one of my fav movie sites
awesome beautiful movie loved it and i just loved Jeremy yet he could be scary at times with some of the stuff he did
super emotionaler und mitfühlender film !
Victor Salva, the director, is a convicted child molester! Nothing like using the "dream of the child molester" as a vehicle for your fantasy. Has it totally escaped your mind what this man did? And more importantly, what Disney supported? DISNEY..of all companies! I know they love the gays, but standing by a child molester because they are so dedicated to supporting gays goes beyond the pale. AND THEY DID STAND BY HIM DURING ITS RELEASE! Even when the child that Salva molested protested Disney hiring Salva. Sorry, but Disney is no longer a "kid friendly" company.
I'm not a fan of this re-cut trailer simply because the cut and music has made this film seem like it's a horror movie. It is deeper than this trailer is portraying it and is giving the wrong impression of its subject.
would like to see a cameo by the superhero freakozoid
i totally misssed this gem.... thanks guys.... i left a love note... ksiksi
This is racist
Nicely done!!!
I like how powerful this cut made Powder look.  Not meek.  Good job.
It not Rated R p13
i commune with powder on a regular basis. he is real. he is alive.
My mom likes this movie. I like it!
This is me when I don't tan
yes another music would have be great

Waaaay ahead of its time
REALLY!!????
A 4 MINUTE TRAILER!!??
REALLY!???
It IS his best piece of work:D
i didn't know.. he looked younger. wow this is one of his best work
He's so brilliant in this film. Did you also know that he was about 30 years old in this?
This is very well done.
8^O  omg!! i had no idea that was sean p. flanery!!.. that is amazing
Hardly looks like Sean Patrick Flanery... amazing!
104105 239 16 0 46
Project for Independent Study. Assignment was to make trailers for films and to put them into different genres.
Big thanks to Kevin Macleod for the music.
PT4M3S
sd
MovieID::::8
Never knew Nic Cage won an Oscar
thanks brooklyn 99
now i might watch this..
what movie...five stars
Oh my GOD this trailer makes Leaving Las Vegas seem like some sorta... quirky indie romantic comedy with this MAAAADCAP sense of humor and plenty of HILARIOUS pratfalls and sight-gags from Nic Cage bein' this SILLY FUNNY drunk guy and Elisabeth Shue like playing the straight love interest to this WILD AND CRAZY GUY!

The funny thing is that would actually pretty funny as a comedy - you know, a suicidal alcoholic with the soul of a poet getting wasted and having fun all over Las Vegas?  They could even use the Russian/Latvian gangsters who kill the Julian Sands pimp character as these actual villains and it could end in a scene where like... Cage is in a raging blackout drunk and having the DTs and he kills all the bad guys in this Inspector Clouseau-like way by bumbling into the room in alcohol withdrawal spasming and shaking with the DTs and he fires a full clip at all the demons and aliens coming out of the walls (some of whom turn out to be actual russians) and he saves Sera and maybe Yuri!

And then uh, he shoots himself in the head because (like John O'Brien) he sadly realized it's more or less impossible to "drink yourself to death" and instead of dying you're really condemning yourself to an cycle of alcohol addiction, intense drunkenness, hospital, withdrawal, maybe some clean time, then more intense drunkenness until the breaking point, followed by more withdrawal in a hospital or rehab, followed by... well, you get the cycle...

Sorry this film is so profound and this trailer so disengenuous it pisses me off
Leaving Las Vegas movie stripper shorthair blonde name???
2018 and this movie is still one of the great ones!
Best soundtrack hands down!
Leaving Las Vegas crushes my heart every time I see it. An awful and beautiful story about how two desperate people fall into a codependent relationship. There are few movies that are as good as this one.
This movie actually did really good at the box office and it's kinda funny to think that this trailer might've been a reason why so many people were attracted to see it.
Everytime I hear someone  talk about leaving las vegas, it always reminds of family guy where that liquor store guy and chris talk about movies.
Oh shit!! My future!!
I love this movie one of the greatest movie of all times....
Nicolas and Elizabeth have done a Great job
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in Leaving Las Vegas.
Terrible trailer; great film.
but does he really deserve an Oscar because of this movie !!!
best movie EVER !
I plan on becoming an alchoholic and killing everyone
Recently saw this movie and it was one of the best ive seen in a long time. Very well put together and touching storyline. One of Cages best works. Great Movie.
That was funny :)
Watching movies just because Nicolas Cage is in it.
Sad beginning, sad characters, sad ending..just a sad movie..: (
One of my all-time-favourites.
I had a severe drinking problem myself, had to detox twice.
So i know what i'm talking about when i say that this flick is realistic. <3
Thanks for posting.
I think this movie is the best movie about both alcoholism and Las Vegas.
Sadly, this trailer was actually better than the movie. Maybe the film would have been better if it actually was a quirky romantic comedy about a hot waitress lady falling in love with a funny guy who happens to be a drunk. As it is, the movie is just a depressing, unrealistic tale about an end stage alcoholic and a hooker (who both look like supermodels) just happening to live together while they both go about being idiots. What a shit movie, and a great trailer.
Your welcome!!!! :P
thx for the spoiler...
I know it seems strange to respond to my own comment but no one else did, so I had to eventually help myself.....
I really didn't know who those two people were until I was relatively sober, then I had the common sense to look them up under the heading "Leaving Las Vegas full cast"
The bartender is actor Graham Beckel.
The "pretty lady" is actress Mariska Hargitay.
Thank you both for your parts in this great movie.
i came here to drink myself to death,
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!
this movie sucked...
Precious scene at 0:13. "I really wish you would come home with me, you're so cute and I'm really good in bed too believe me...... no ?  O.K."
I will be very impressed if you can tell me the actress that Ben Sanderson (Nicolas Cage) is talking to, it's that pretty lady who licks her lips before her other facial expression rejects him.
The bartender, what's that actor's name ?
You need to appreciate those people, you take them for granted, you probably take way too many people for granted.
Dude!!! I'm a male and my comment has nothing to do with feminism. It's about how rapists piss me off.
It's because of how realistic that scene was. Didn't you get mad when you watched that scene?
Loved the film so much I felt the same way. power of cinema.

why would anything like the lack of a moral ever persuade you that something was worth hating?
easy ,man :) It's just a film.
I love this movie. I can relate so well to cage in this.
I love this movie, but the reason I watch it over and over is because Elizabeth Shue is so hot. It is almost distracting.
Rubius Nicolás puton hijo de guarra te observa
como nicolas cage de living las vegas
rubius!!!!!!!
NICHOLAS CAGE TE ESTA OBSERVANDO O_O
nicolas nunca muda mesmo kkk
If this is good, what is awesome?
This trailer prepares you for absolutely 0% of what you watch...
You should watch Requiem for a dream. If you can make it through the whole film without feeling sick, then you're seriously disturbed.
You obviously didnt get the point then lol
Makes it look like a film about 2 people who turn their lives around when its anything but that. Also makes it seem alot more lighthearted than it actually is.
Lol, Nic Cage worste actor.
This film is the truth and notting but the truth.

i miss voice overs in movie trailers
Couldn't agree anymore!!
he look like hunter s.thompson
A masterpiece. I needed a big shot of whiskey myself after watching this film.
Your comment made me weep. This movie is earth shattering for people that battle drinking and REALIZE IT. Thank you for saying it....... really hit home.
Watching this film you can distinguish between normal drinkers and alcoholics. A normal drinker watching this would be like "Yeah! That guy's having an awesome time, keep partying on!" whereas an alcoholic would probably weep due to the brutal honest truth this film reveals about where their disease could take them.
You get a LOL for that comment from me!! Good on ya!!!!!
What do you mean?
the only thing i hate about this movie is the frat boys that raped sera get away with it. i wanted to see them get beat up, jailed, castrated, or even killed. i just wanted to reach through the screen and fuck those guys up. what a bunch of creeps, she didn't want to have anal with them. so, they just go and beat the shit out of her, and fuck her up real bad. i wish all rapist would have their balls cut off.
All these '90s trailers were always so upbeat for such depressing films!!!!
its lonely teardrops by michael mcdonald
did you find it?
very good movie

what's the soundtrack called by the way ???

What type of movie is it?
Anyone who has ever been to the point of their lives where they believe that they will eventually die living that VERY point that brought them there should watch this movie, you are not alone.
and where the trailers spoil the whole movie
Are you sure that is the same movie?
Not a good trailer for this movie.
what a shitty commercial.
I've seen better. The movie was kinda boring honestly
@WorleyClarence no, u did it cuz ur a dumb fuck.
@TheEirinaki95 Come Rain, or Come Shine.
oh hollywood, did you try to make a movie about turning a hoe into a housewife, even worse you used crazy nicolas to be the leading man. I can understand richard geare but nicolas cage? Well then thats called crack head falls in love with street hooker
In the end credits: The events, characters, and firms depicted in this photoplay are fictitious. Any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, or actual firms is purely concidental.
The worst part about this trailer, is the narrator.
@roscoegino Haha good point :') it's a terrible loss for the acting industry, what he really needs is a film like Kick Ass again: a blockbuster that actually shows his considerable talents :)
@Jeffo193 They don't pay for mansions he can't afford.
Why is his major addiction to alcohol so subtle and hidden in this trailer? It plays a massive part in the film...
I love how the trailers change through time. If this was a trailer now, it would be considered appalling.
This movie showed Nicholas Cage and Elizabeth Shue at their very best. It's about a codependent relationship between an alcoholic (Cage) hell bent on drinking himself to death and a prostitute (Shue) that attempts to give him unconditional love. This movie will break your heart and show you want really good acting is all about.
Worst trailer for a really great movie
Further proof that Nicholas Cage is a considerably talented actor, whose number of bad choices in films vastly outnumbers his good ones
Shue hasn't aged well.....she used to be top class.
nick cage won the oscar for this role!
@Fanofcartoons1994

Agreed. This movie was very serious and sad.
Most people who live in this city has a love/hate relationship with her.
@ingasa13 coz it wont come in 3D and theres no happy meal toys that'll come with it.
@naklip It's "Lonely Teardrops" the famous version was by Jackie Wilson, but this one is sung by Michael McDonald (that used to be a Doobie Bro. and sometimes sang for Steely Dan)
@PetroniusSatyricon69 Ha, I know! I loved this movie and knew then that I never wanted to see it again. Damn good actor.
The best movie!!!!! Why  they cant make movies like that anymore?????
@tareyagreen Haha, I know right? This trailer makes the movie seem like it has some lovey-dovey happy ending

yeah this story is horrible, desperate and sad, totally inappropriate music and narrator!
@Jeffo193  Totally agree. This movie shows the great potential of what Cage can do with good material, or wise versa.  Sad to see such a great actor waste his talent on movies like Drive Angry or The sorc Apprentice.
But i guess that's what happens when you bankrupt yourself, you're forced to take whatever gets tossed in your way..  Beggars can't be choosers.

A real loss for the acting industry.

@EGarrett01 And also, because some of the trailers i posted had more quality that the ones who were already on youtube.
@EGarrett01 I put "hq" to get more views, kind of stupid when i think about it now. I have to remove it in all the trailers.
@EGarrett01 LoLOlOLoLol
688784 673 52 0 202
Trailer for Mike Figgis's film
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::9
This is a perfect representation of what movie trailer should be like. Amazing visuals.
I know your comment's 2 years old, but if you're still wondering, the song is "L'Anniversaire d'Irvin" from this movie's soundtrack.
I'm pretty sure the clip of the clone putting the lid over the camera is an alternate take from the scene in the actual film, which is kind of neat.
Come to think of it, I don't remember that scene of the scientist seeing the kids through the periscope. I gotta wonder how much was cut from the final version.
This movie is so old it should be public domain by now.  I owned this on magnetic tape, for heaven's sake.  Sony Pcitures are a bunch of cheapos for not letting you view it in full. Who would buy something so old that you can rent for next to nothing?
/watch?v=KRF78AGvIoQ
this is my favourite movie.

full soundtrack uploaded on my channel btw;)
What is the name of the song that plays in the trailer?
Creepy movie... Love it

One of my all-time favourite movies
can you upload the whole movie?
67426 90 3 0 14
Cité des enfants perdus - City of Lost Children trailer
PT1M15S
sd
MovieID::::10
Gong Li looks like an Asian Madonna here.
It’s on Amazon Prime in the U.K. at the moment for free.  Barry Norman put it on his Top 10 Best List of 1995, so that’s what got me on to this film.
Just saw it. Very beautiful cinematography and want to fuck Gong Li.
Just saw it. Liked. Gong Li is an awesome actress
Where is wang ya nan
24277 66 3 0 6
Shanghai Triad Trailer 1995
Director: Zhang Yimou
Starring: Gong Li, Li Xuejian, Li Baotian, Sun Chun, Wang Xiaoxiao, Jiang Baoying

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The charms of an alluring prostitute are used as bait by feuding gang lords. Highly acclaimed, sumptuous production from multi-award winning director Zhang Yimou. In Mandarin with English subtitles.

Movie, Shanghai Triad Movie,Shanghai Triad Trailer,Shanghai Triad 1995, Zhang Yimou,Gong Li, Li Xuejian, Li Baotian, Sun Chun, Wang Xiaoxiao, Jiang Baoying
PT2M14S
sd
MovieID::::11
3570 5 1 0 0
All your favorite Crackle content has made the move over to http://www.Crackle.com. Create a free account and enjoy!

SUBSCRIBE for more series like this: http://bit.ly/CrackleSub

Starting in 2014 Crackle movies & shows will be available only at http://bit.ly/CrackleDotCom. Create a free Crackle account for full access here: http://bit.ly/CrackleSignUp

Connect with Crackle Online:
Visit the Crackle WEBSITE: http://bit.ly/CrackleWeb
Like Crackle on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/CrackleFaceBook
Follow Crackle on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/CrackleTwitter

About Crackle:
Crackle, a unit of Sony Pictures Television, programs Hollywood movies, TV shows and original series and movies for the world's connected audience. With 25 million viewers across 22 countries, Crackle specializes in genres such as Action, Comedy, Crime, Horror and Sci-fi. Original series on Crackle include the psychological thriller Chosen; Cleaners, starring David Arquette and Gina Gershon; the first ever made for digital movie Extraction; and the Emmy nominated Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee. Crackle is always freely accessible on every screen, with no subscription or authentication required.

Wings of Courage - Trailer | Crackle
http://www.youtube.com/user/crackle
PT1M5S
sd
MovieID::::12
i watched 17x  :P


CUUUUUUTEE movie

Ha! No dislikes! XD

Excellent movie. Now to eat some bacon.
1:46 "Get out of here, you, uh, you, uh... BIG BUTT HEADS!" LOL!
That was perfect! That should've been in the movie!
My favorite-movie growing up, no questions asked!!!
121998 75 5 0 6
Babe (Chris Noonan, USA - AUST, 1995) Trailer

Info: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112431/

+

No Sala de Exibição:

http://saladeexibicao.blogspot.com/2010/04/026-babe-o-porquinho-atrapalhado.html

+

Revista ÉPOCA - 300 filmes para ver antes de morrer:

http://saladeexibicao.blogspot.com/2009/11/epoca-300-filmes-para-assistir-antes-de.html
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::13
Gosh I love this movie and all else like it and why don't they make them like this anymore (as rich and I don't know, there's just something different about it).
I really enjoyed the movie. I've read biographies on Dora Carrington and Lytton Strachey so it was quite wonderful to see their story on screen. She was obsessed with Lytton, with ultimately tragic consequences.
This movie is just based around q once tomb boy  girl loosing her virginity
anyone saw this movie?
28129 73 8 0 11
Carrington Trailer 1995
Director: Christopher Hampton
Starring: Jonathan Pryce, Emma Thompson, Rufus Sewell, Samuel West, Steven Waddington,

Official Content From MGM Home Entertainment

A famous woman painter and an infamous gay intellectual flout contemporary values of love, art, life and sex in the midst of morally rigid England, during the years just after World War I.

Movie, Carrington Movie,Carrington Trailer,Carrington 1995, Christopher Hampton,Jonathan Pryce, Emma Thompson, Rufus Sewell, Samuel West, Steven Waddington,
PT2M32S
sd
MovieID::::14
“Wallstreet. Here the Tsars of American industry invest money in the future of the entire country.” Oh my, if it only were so.. Then America could maybe be great and proud again. For everyone’s sake.
When It gets to little Chinatown I got to stop watching
There is no streaming option on Roku for the movie. It's just not there. I never heard of this movie. Looks interesting.
where is donald trump??
Actually, i prefer this 240p version to Imax.
don;t you? : )
i have a stereoscope and the photos from the movie.
marvelous film, tender and good photograpy
I saw this as a kid. There was also a related display in the museum next door, including a stereoscope like the one in the movie.
Why isn't this on DVD or Blu-Ray?  Just crappy VHS.  Insanity.
12717 49 6 0 18
A great film resource for then and now view of nyc streets

as well as nyc history and immigration

Only available on VHS

http://www.amazon.com/Across-Sea-Time-VHS/dp/0800191617/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&s=video&qid=1265048343&sr=8-2-catcorr
PT3M42S
sd
MovieID::::15
8322 45 1 0 0
At a Harold Lloyd Masters Seminar talk at the AFI Conservatory, Director (and AFI  alum) Amy Heckerling describes how she cast Alicia Silverstone (as Cher) and Paul Rudd (as Josh) in CLUELESS.

Heckerling first saw Silverstone while watching an Aerosmith music videos on her treadmill. She considered Adam Horovitz for the role of Josh.

Subscribe to this channel for more exclusive videos from the AFI Archive:
https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=AFI

https://www.facebook.com/AmericanFilmInstitute
https://twitter.com/AmericanFilm
https://instagram.com/americanfilminstitute
http://americanfilminstitute.tumblr.com
http://www.afi.com
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::16
0:50 Stop! Is Iron Man yelling at Magnito?
Between this and the Hopkins version of “Titus”. It’s hard to say what my favorite Shakespeare adaptation is. Both are great.
I like his wild boar.
How many killings?
This movie is a horrible presentation of a William Shakespeare play.
Shakespeare died in 1616
and wrote a story of a king in 1483.
YET the costumes are 1940 fashion and the characters are driving in cars not invented until the 1900's
Meanwhile, the vocals are not only spoken in Shakespeare's horrid  stage-play style of poetry writing (I'll never understand why people like that) BUT the vocals are not recorded well so inaudible most of the time ranging from mumbles to screetches.  Meanwhile, the background music is so loud its deafening.
If the director was aiming for a modern theme on a story of ancient history, such as has been done with the fictional story of Romeo & Juliet (Leonardo DiCaprio), it doesn't work here because this is actual history and shouldnt be 'time altered'.
Great cast of actors in a horrible movie.
This looks fucking retarded.  Great job, Hollywood jews!
richard 3 reich
At the beginning, the narrator sounded it like a bond film
Never mock your Royal Children only correct them!
Man Richard the lionheart was a man guy.
i love the ending, where he shoots his own man through the brain, then leaps into an inferno laughing his head off while a jazzy upbeat Al Jolson track kicks off!

a fantastic wicked villain
A movie ahead of its time with many important stories from what happened during the 17th, 18th, 19th and 20th century with some liberty here and there, some dark humor, excellent choice of actors . They don't make movies like this anymore . ( wow Maggie Smith looked old back then still in Downtown Abbey show she looks the same strange ?? )
What the fuck is this?
Richard the turd.
Everyone complains about spoilers in modern day trailers yet this one spoils a ton of the film lol.
this looks epic. cannot believe that I did not see this.
Actually, for a movie that good, the trailer is rather unpalatable and perhaps misleading...
Frank Underwood is based off of Richard
What the hell is this? I expected a 15th Century historical representation of Richard III. This looks like a mid-Twentieth Century iteration of the Shakespearean play, which by the way is not historically accurate, because of political considerations concerning the Tudor dynasty.
never thought i'd see richard III as hitler..
As it has never been told before? It's a pretty old play. it's been told exactly this way for centuries.
And Englands flag at the time was The three lions of England on a red backround and the fluer de lis of France against a blue backround on a qaurtred flag
This is Richard III of England right who ruled in late medieval times and was not a Nazi and existed 450 years before Hitlers rise
God bless us and to our family!!!
Your brain fu-ked. Your brain off. What is the culture? Nothing.
I really don't know what to make of the film.  Some of it is absolutely sublime -- the transposition to a totalitarian state is brilliant and conveys to the modern audience exactly how chilling Shakespeare meant the rise of Richard III to be, lying, cheating and murdering his way to the top, all the while managing to convince everyone -- from the women he seduces to the confederates he first wins to his cause and then betrays and has slaughtered when he has no further need of them -- that he is their ally.   Unlike so many "modern" versions of Shakespeare, it is completely on point.

On the other hand, they have certainly taken some liberties with the story.  Richmond waking before the battle and saying he has enjoyed the sweetest sleep ever conveys the impression that this is because he has enjoyed some great sex beforehand (and is about to enjoy some more), rather than having had the ghosts of all of Richard's victims wishing him success in his dreams, which is a pretty key point of Shakespeare's version.  And Queen Margaret's oh-so-prophetic curse at the beginning of the play has been lost.

Still, the gamble certainly pays off -- and once again (as he did with "Macbeth"), Sir Ian is absolutely perfect in the role.
I have only seen parts of this film but Ian McKellen gave a phenomenal performance as the controversial York king. One of these days I am going to watch this from start to finish. The cast is just GREAT!!!
ach ihr briten , das böse am briten ist halt deutsch , gell . drum heissen sie auch haus windsor und nicht mehr haus hanover .
A fantastic adaption!
The true monster is the length of the drama, making it as hard as possible to finish shortly before a test. That's actually the real meaning of it. Also, Shakespeare is ennervating with his damn over-the-top passion. That's fine in your leisure, but not necessarily in a serious context...
Magneto vs Iron Man
I didn't know that Professor McGonnagall had a son called Gandalf.
Great playwright. I still think Macbeth is a better villian lol XD
A blu-ray release would be nice...
God, it's like the narrator can't decide if he's doing an American or British accent.
I fucking love this film but this trailer is just so... urgh
This movie made Richard III into one of my heroes.  It also has one of the greatest seduction scenes in all of film.
Absolutely one of my all-time favourites. Saw it many times, still have to get the DVD. Superbly filmed, a brilliant cast, and the way they incorporated some of the landmark buildings in the story is really great. Ian McKellen is pure evil in this and boy, does he do a good job at being evil.
I love Laurence Olivier's version but wow this looks cool!
what is the name of the song near the end
250904 599 22 0 95
Richard III - Ian McKellen - Original Trailer  by Film&Clips

"Richard III" (Riccardo III). Directed by Richard Loncraine, with Ian McKellen, Annette Bening, Jim Broadbent, Robert Downey Jr., Nigel Hawthorne, Kristin Scott Thomas, Maggie Smith, Dominic West

The classic Shakespearean play about a murderously scheming king staged in an alternative fascist England setting.

Riccardo III è un film del 1995 diretto da Richard Loncraine, che ambienta l'omonima tragedia di Shakespeare negli anni venti del Novecento, in un'immaginaria Inghilterra sotto una dittatura di stampo fascista.
In un'Inghilterra del primo ventennio del Novecento, una cruenta guerra civile termina con l'uccisione del re Enrico. Gli succede il figlio Riccardo, con la moglie americana Annette e tre figli a carico. Ma il duca di Gloucester, suo fratello, si oppone e cerca di rubare il trono a Riccardo uccidendo molte persone...

Connect with Film & Clips here:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/FilmClips-1716901998587585
Twitter: https://twitter.com/filmandclips

Download our App here: https://itunes.apple.com/it/app/film-clips/id1142643423?mt=8

Il più bel canale di cinema gratuito e legale di Youtube.
The best FREE & LEGAL Youtube Channel: movies, clips, docs, short movies from all around the world - italian, english, spanish, french, deutsch, and other subtitles available!
Iscriviti a Film&Clips: http://bit.ly/2gKbdoL
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/FilmClips-1716901998587585
Twitter: https://twitter.com/filmandclips
App: http://apple.co/2bgqnM6

Tutte le playlist: http://bit.ly/2hF4qO6
Film&Clips Movie Clips Collection: http://bit.ly/2h0wEyM
Film&Clips Original Trailers: http://bit.ly/2gL5uOT
Film&Clips Soft Sexy: http://bit.ly/2hlMWW4
Film&Clips English: http://bit.ly/2gIQwKI
Film&Clips Film in Italiano Completi: http://bit.ly/2hlBmu8
Film&Clips Interviste & Backstage: http://bit.ly/2hNBFej
Film&Clips - Français: http://bit.ly/2hNBv6r
Film&Clips - Español: http://bit.ly/2hlK8rY
Film&Clips - Deutsch: http://bit.ly/2hFeLJW
Film&Clips - Japanese: http://bit.ly/2hBaQe1
Film&Clips Fashion: http://bit.ly/2g0NLm8

Download our App here: https://itunes.apple.com/it/app/film-clips/id1142643423?mt=8

Film & Clips offers a wide selection of FREE & LEGAL movie content on Youtube: full movies, clips, documentaries, short movies, trailers from all around the world in different languages and subtitles.
Don't miss our vast array of genres: horror, adventure, drama, comedy, cult and b-movies, spaghetti western, Italian cult movies all free in streaming on our channel.
PT3M
sd
MovieID::::17
This makes me really sad. Just in 1995, I never realized how much things have changed. This movie makes me feel more real emotion than anything today.
Terrible trailer. Where’s Elizabeth Warren?
Taken from the 1995 VHS of "Cinderella" (1950).
Why did Pocahontas turn out to be the daughter of Chief Powhatan?
We love Jacob Tabor
I love this movie she my fave Disney princess second is belle
I wish Toy Story has The Pocahontas Trailer too Because A Goofy Movie, Pocahontas and Toy Story all three of them have been released on 1995
also taken from Cinderella 1995 VHS!
Surprisingly, nobody's addressing the fact that this is the movie that Disney expected to be the big hit, not The Lion King. Then executive Jeffery Katzenberg foresaw the film as West Side Story with Dances with Wolves. The studio's top animators and artists turned down The Lion King to work on Pocahontas.
I have this trailer on my VHS of the animated "Cinderella".
i have it on VHS
1995 was a horrible year, that year should be dissolved in a bathtub full of bleach alive!
Besides this is historically inaccurate!
155195 168 21 0 34
Trailer for Pocahontas (1995) captured from the The Santa Clause (1994) VHS tape. This tape is labeled 3633 and released in (1994).
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::18
7890 20 2 0 0
production of the PM Entertainment
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::19
Erico lo Verso e  Michele Placido sono i Arbëreshi.......Albanesi.pero niente non hano fatto per la terra di origine.
Che stronzzi.
trailer and teaser trailer ;)
7176 10 1 0 2

PT2M41S
sd
MovieID::::20
Squints and Ham from The Sandlot, Alfalfa from The Little Rascals, the kid from Tank Girl and Little Big League. They got really good child actors to do this movie.
love it watched it in english class
Lol OMG my sister and I would always watch this movie like over and over and over again!!!
I learned how to lift weights cuz of that kid. ;P Lmao.
Fuckin' love this movie! :D
Awww Bug Hall is soooo cute.
I love him <3
awwww<3 me n my cousin used 2 watch this movie all the time.. i think we bought it at pick n save way back in the 9o's when we were kids!!! 2 4 6 8 who r we the castle men, they are nothing they r nothing YEAH! lol
i love this movie!
29170 26 1 0 7
The Big Green trailer from 1995
PT2M17S
sd
MovieID::::21
Check out this great photo of the beautiful Jodie Foster from 1995:
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dd/Jodie_Foster_1995.jpg
Bollocks, ats nae a fucking trailer.
What a great movie! Jodie Foster directed and produced.
Adoreable Holly Hunter in a very good mood. And the memorable Charles Durning and Anne Bancroft. ....and the 7 other great actors on this great screenplay.
I first watched this movie on Thanksgiving day back in 1995 and it has been my favorite holiday film since.
greatest thanksgiving movie ever !!!!!
46379 84 8 0 5
Home For The Holidays Trailer 1995
Director: Jodie Foster
Starring: Anne Bancroft, Charles Durning, Dylan McDermott, Holly Hunter, Robert Downey, Jr., Steve Guttenberg

Official Content From PolyGram Video

After losing her job, a single mother makes a trip back home to visit her disapproving family for Thanksgiving. Her own problems soon pale beside their dysfunctional antics.

Movie, Home For The Holidays Movie,Home For The Holidays Trailer,Home For The Holidays 1995, Jodie Foster,Anne Bancroft, Charles Durning, Dylan McDermott, Holly Hunter, Robert Downey, Jr., Steve Guttenberg
PT3M3S
sd
MovieID::::22
22966 49 1 0 0
Available on DVD and Blu Ray through www.umbrellaent.com.au

When he found the power to express what was in his heart, he found the love of a lifetime.

Mario (Oscar® nominee Massimo Troisi in his final screen performance) is a newly appointed mailman who is madly in love with the most beautiful woman in town, Beatrice Russo (Maria Grazia Cucinotta). Bumbling, interminably shy and far too nervous to tell her how he feels, Mario becomes inspired when a world-famous Chilean poet visits the small island community. Pablo Neruda (Award winning actor Philippe Noiret, Cinema Paradiso) is a revelation to the otherwise introverted and soft spoken Mario and with his expert help Mario not only finds the right words to woo Beatrice but has a fighting chance to win her over.
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::23
I liked this movie but still having problems watching it.
Love keifer in dis role great bad guy
Loved loved the ending
Watch "I Spit on your grave" , The story is a bit like this one, But you get more than expected , its all very clearly (This movie too) , But... It's crude and horrorfying . But still a better movie ;D.
P.S. : Sorry for my English , Im Dutch, And only 12 Years so...
Yes, do the math. You can, can't you?
And why did he? Because she lured him so she could kill him. This was never about her defending herself.
Because this movie is seeing the wolf through the villagers point of view, a monster, as opposed to a person who is mentally ill.


do the math? how bout the fact that we conversed  for an hour and a bit, with your comments magically rising in likes. almost like you keep coming back.  the story isnt about hunting down anyone, the fact he comes after her at the end should signify that. the werewolf is the evil located in us all, thats why the person who becomes the werewolf generally doesn't know they are a wolf. kiefer represents something totally different. werewolf movies are about coming together. this movie was not.

In 5 years about 170,000 people have watched this video. Do the math.
When I say werewolf stories, I don't mean stories about werewolves, it's a metaphor for stories were the moral is people should hunter down and kill the monsters they see.
Yeah, a spiteful assault.
lol ya because in the last hour one person came read your comment and thumbed it up. whatever. werewolf movies arent a sub genre of revenge movies . they belong to a monster horrors, even more specific classical horror, along with the mummy and the swap thing. revenge: the action of inflicting hurt or harm on someone for a wrong suffered at their hands. keep thumbing your own comments up, it makes no difference to the fact that im right.
I don't think people care that much about commenting on this video, that doesn't mean they don't read the comments. If you don't want to believe this is my only account, then don't, I don't give a shit.
Revenge is not standing up for yourself (defending), it's just spiteful assault.
Yes, and a subgenre of that subgenre are what I call werewolf movies. The difference being the moral of the story advocating such an action.
lol considering the last comment beside ours was 2 weeks ago.....i dont think people care that much about our conversation, so yes stop thumbing comments up with other accounts. yes she was standing  up for herself and her family. not only did he make her daughter a victim, he made the whole family a victim. she lured him on to her property hardly a lynch mob. you ve never seen taken. there is a sub genre of movies dedicated to avenging the death of a child. Christ. good day. learn movies.
Predatory rape and murder, yes.
She wasn't standing up for herself, she was intent on revenge for her daughter, and to stop this wolf doing it again.
I've never seen Taken, but I doubt it's as simplistic and unsubtle as this movie is.
Yeah... I only have one YouTube account.
rape then murder rarely  happens? the moral of the story is to stand up for yourself. its not just about protecting the future generations, the main character needed to get her life back. the werewolf is far far too simplistic. the werewolf doesnt represent evil, it represents fear. another huge difference. if you notice, the towns folk dont seem to intent on getting the wolf as you put it either. by your logic any taken is a were wolf movie too. thumbing up your own comments?? pathetic.
Yes, a very specific real life issue that almost never happens.
The morale of this story is people should hunter down and kill the evil that exists in this world (the wolf), to protect the women and children. Now if that isn't the old werewolf story, then I don't know what is.
not at all. first of all it addresses real life issues that are still, believe it or not, on going to this day. Sutherland's character represents for the second time now, the evil that exists in this world, that is seemingly untouchable. the only reason the evil was stopped, was because sally field, the good guy, the audience if you will, stood up and did something. a werewolf story? not even close.
Two stars because it's essentially nothing more than a modern day werewolf story.
excuse me, but if the cast and director are a list, the movie is a list. the movie was very realistic. it had elements of real life. the meetings the feeling of being hopeless, because the justice system is corrupt, who knew? the button pusher, im assuming you mean Sutherland, is the figure head for what we hate and what is destroying our society even to this day. he is the bad that never seems to get his, until the prey fights back. two stars simply because of a personal vendetta? pfff
Good movie. Watched it with my mom.
I loved this movie :D Kiefer was very convincing in this role
Alguém tem esse filme completo?

Ed Harris is such a girl in this movie! Sally Field is awesome in any movie!
download it, takes 3 mins!
It´s me, or kiefer in Eye for an eye seems James Hetfield??
You could probably order it on netflix, or buy it at Walmart or something.
If I were Sally Fields's character, Kiefer Sutherland's character would never have even made it to the court room the FIRST time, only to get let off the hook by the 'justice' system, let alone get let off the hook in court a SECOND time. I honestly would have nothing to lose and wouldn't care if I went to prison. He wouldn't have gotten a trial. There probably would have been a trial for me, but not for him. Fuck that.
A B movie that somehow won the lottery and got an A-movie cast and director. The  premise was interesting and the characters felt very realistic, but the movie didn't, it didn't fairly question it's premise as much as dictate it. This blatant button-pusher plays upon our most primal emotions as well as the increasing disdain for the criminal justice system, it's just a terribly crude and bias movie that operates as propaganda for capital punishment and vigilantism. 2 stars.
I just Want to know where i can find this movie
yes u work out in mcdonalds 5 days a week :)
I don't even eat cheeseburgers that often, idiot. I don't eat McDonald's no more than once a month. AND I work out 5 days a week for an hour a day each. Moron.
also im english bet u dont even no the difference between being british and being english lol .u dumb dumb
Esse filme é otimo

Now I KNOW you're a troll. Have some more fish and chips, Brit.
Sure, you would, dumb Brit. Then I would take a baseball bat and crack your fucking head open and knock out your teeth (well, the teeth you Brits never brush anyway).
You're all the way in the U.K. What are you gonna do to me? And you don't even know me. You have have NO idea what I'm capable of, you little bitch.
by the way dipshit i no ur comment  was not directed at me but reading comments  to see if it was a good film i see ur shit .
now i no a guy gets killed  the end so as the film goes on and i see some one brake in a house im gona no the dude gets killed .so u are a troll .
What the hell are you talking about? I never said a single word to you. My comment is from a month ago, and it wasn't even directed at you, you troll.
I love this movie, I have it on DVD. Many people dismiss it as a "man-hating" sappy Lifetime drama. I bed to differ; albeit a bit predictable at times, it is a constant edge-of-your-seat crime thriller. I myself am a criminal justice graduate heading on to pre-law education. This movie both confirmed and motivated my passion for criminal law and bringing offenders to justice in a professional, rigorous, and expedient manner. Excellent film, you won't be disappointed.
At the beginning of the movie when Sally runs into the younger daughter's bedroom, you can see the camera guy's reflection in the mirror. Whoopsie.
At the end of the movie, when he broke in the house, I would have shot him right in his dick, and NOT killed him. Then I would have let the cops arrest him. Who knows? The system might let him off (yet AGAIN), but at least he won't be using that thing to rape any girls anymore.
This movie was very messed up, the part with her daughter getting killed was hard to watch.
forgive me for being sensitive to such a heinous crime. I'll try and learn to laugh at girls and women being brutally raped.
Watch Mystic River for the flip side to vigilantism. Kingsnake, you are supposed to dislike the rapist, not like his lines.
"She was a great ffffuck." favorite line from Kiefer.
@lkshaw1 i saw that last night too. you probably live in vegas.
This movie came on late last night
@Fanofcartoons1994 what the-?
this movie was one of my favorite movies of all time. I loved it because for one thing it has sally fields in it and she has got to be the most amazing actresses in the world. Just the whole plot of this movie was awesome. I give it 5 stars .:D and 2 thumbs up. :DDDD <3
Kiefer looks like James Hetfield (Metallica) in this movie.
@orlandobabe



right!!!?? I'm a guy and I was fucking bawling I swear!
I like this movie for several reasons: two being the cast and the story-I like revenge or vigilante storylines, seeing Sally Field play a role like this was incredible, Kiefer S. was very convincing as a sadistic villian...again. When justice fails, then what do you do? I'm not advocating or condoning what Sally did for real life, but in a movie, it's easier to condone it. I'm hoping the system wouldn't fail this badly in real life.
@HermonieG1 He probbaly just headed butted them right back x) "head on. Apply directly to the FOREHEAD!" He must've been real scary in the movie.
I fucking love this movie.
watching this movie made me cry lol :P
i coudn't ever find Kiefer scary. he's much too hot!
Great idea for a movie and a great cast but i thought it was a terrible movie. For a movie that was released in the theater, it sure felt like I was watching Lifetime.  And to those begging for a Youtube upload, please just pay $7.99/mo for Netflix. It's totally worth it!
@70sMiLA I saw the rape scene and I couldn't watch it again, believe me it is hard to watch that without your stomach turning.
such a bad trailer for such a BRILLIANT MOVIE
kiefer is awesome
Man Kiefer was a damn good badass in this movie
I noticed a"blooper" or "mistake" in the movie, while I was watching it. For anyone who has seen it, you'll know what I'm talking about. In the very beginning, when Sally's Character is doing her makeup, and then Ed's character messes it up with the shaving foam, as the camera zooms in, you can see it in the makeup mirror.
Just thought I'd share it!
Great film, a must see!
WHO KNOWS WHAT THE SONG IS CALLED WHEN KIEFER IS WATCHING TV AND IS DRUMMING ON HIS LEGS??? HELP!!
Kiefer is awesome! Some parts of this are hard to watch to be honest but Kiefer just knocked the whole psycho rapist role out of the park
The whole cast was amazing in this movie, but Kiefer turned in one of his best pre-24 performances.
Anyone please upload this movie........... i really want to see this because this is original.
I have seen remake of this movie in hindi. I loved that too...
Oh God that murder scene in too horrifying..!  in both movies

you can see similar scene  from that movie here
youtube.com/watch?v=ZrMWMs2Dxkg
@70sMiLA, "Why hasn't anyone uploaded this whole movie on youtube yet"?? I've only been able to watch it once since it first came on because the scene with Kiefer Sutherland and Olivia Burnette is so horrific and much too graphic for me. The critics and viewers had a field day, saying the exact same thing, don't know how in the world Olivia pulled that scene off. Everytime I think of it it really deeply saddens me, and fills me with anger even I can't imagine.
awesome film i love watching it
That rape murder scene still haunts me.

It's similar to Enough.
@Sicksoullleee haha i saw this movie for the first time today and that was exactly what i was thinking!
Wait why is it R
when i sow the trailer on tv for 1 sec i thought kiefer was james hetfield and i was about wtf?!?! :P
@15katevvet yea i know how that is
I saw the whole movie on youtube but that person took it off, who knows .. But I saw it for the first time on Lifetime , I'm warning ya .. that first scene is quite disturbing .. had an impact on me .. just creepy how you could be planning a party and the next your dead .. it was a good movie overall .. Sally Field was excellent .. Keifer was soo creepy , great job .  But it was a little hard to watch that scene , not gunna lie
@kornino I've heard that one many times before. But yes he does like him!
this was an awesome movie. I was about the same age as the girl in the movie ( the victim) and the rape scene was graphically real even I was scared to be home alone for a while after that movie :(
If this was a Dirty Harry movie, you could bet that Kiefer's character would have had his creepy ass blown away by Clint...
@jebeja I accually saw this in theaters when this was out. The whole auditorium went dead silent after that scene.
Have only been able to watch this movie once, as the rape scenes are much too realistic and horrifying to watch (at least they were for me).
@SparksDrinker .....(o_o)....um no, I lack a certain thing in order to do that.
When Julie answers the door that's not in the movie. Did they just do that for the trailer to disguise what was to follow in the actual film? The brutal rape.
i fill bad for that  17 year old she die she got killed buy a grown man she iz so so so scared when he was triyin to put it i9nbut i can tell thasz fake because cusz it showed her pantansz when he pulled her up to hisz dick that was so so so so fucken gross
@70sMiLA Because that would be illegal, spend a couple bucks like a normal person if you want to see it.
Rapists and killers deserve no compassion, in my opinion. As for the revenge storyline, I like the genre, no matter how cliched it may get.

The movie is very well done, the cast, esp.

I'm not an advocate for taking the law in your own hands, but if justice fails, then what do you do? I can't condone failure of justice anymore than murder or rape. Plus I refuse to condemn what Sally Field does in the end, because justice did fail miserably, her and her daughter and I hope real justice works.
Next time you watch it, look in the little sister's dresser mirror when Sally Field runs into her bedroom (first minute of the movie). You can see the cameraperson in it. Kinda wrecked it for me for awhile. But it was a good movie. The attack scenes were hard to watch though.
This movie is ok but really inaccurate.  After the second woman he killed there wouldn't be any doubt as to his guilt in real life.
Next time you watch it, keep your eye on the mirror in the little girl's bedroom when Sally Field runs in there (opening minute of the film). You can see a crew member in a red shirt. Whoops!
Such a great movie!!
it's Shining road by Cranes :)
im looking for the song 2  :(
oh please, can someone upload this movie?

i never had the chance to watch it, but i heard it's great:)
Kiefer always had that fuckin' great voice?! Damn. Even when he was like 20.
just to let browneyednessagirl93 u can get this dvd in WH SMITH, for around £12
When Sutherland's character says "Ssssorry" a long Sorry was he like making fun of her daughter because at the beginning she did stutter a bit, and Sutherland never did it after that.

Also Sally Field did seem to get over her daughter's death a little quick I think it would have been a little better it they would have skipped ahead 2 months maybe.
Truly one of the best movies that Kiefer Sutherland ever did.



Kiefer rocks!!!
Any1 know where to find this movie??? I can't find it newhere!
kief  is good plaing bad is so sexy he is a excelent actor*****
dude I just watched that movie and I fu***** hate that guy so much. I fealt so sorry for that girl in the beggining of the movie :(
Do you a longer version of the trailer from this movie?
seriously - it shows what an amazing actor he is, he's sooo creepily believable!
I remember I saw this in theaters when it first came out, and wow, was it an assault on the senses. It is a very brilliantly done film though, and Olivia Burnette, who played Julie, shouldve gotten some sort of award for her short but still powerful role. But Keifer Sutherland really did a great job in the rotten, despicable role as Robert Doob.



However, I will never watch this again. Thats how powerful it was.
220033 180 13 0 101
An excellent movie! Kiefer is really creepy, but great.
PT56S
sd
MovieID::::24
i,ll never understand why richard dreyfuss never won the oscar for this role he was fantastic in this movie instead they gave it to nicholas cage i have,nt watched the oscars since 1995 because of this he was robbed
12407 17 1 0 1
When we're young our dreams lie out in front of us, there for the taking, and our plans seem so clear. But like many of us, Glenn Holland (Richard Dreyfuss) never could have predicted the course his own life would take, when he reluctantly accepts a job as a teacher.



A musician and composer consumed with a love for music, Holland's true goal is to write one memorable piece of music to leave his mark on the world. But instead, he finds his calling in the most unlikely place, sharing his love of music with his students--to let it fill their lives, the way it fills his. His students respond to his contagious passion, and as the years unfold, Holland finds himself on an unplanned path.



Redefining success and his own dreams, Holland realizes that his legacy will be greater than he ever dreamed. And with the help of his students and his family, Glenn Holland learns that though our lives don't always turn out the way we plan them, life is what happens when you embrace the unexpected.



Genres: Drama and Musical/Performing Arts



Running Time: 2 hrs. 25 min.



MPAA Rating: PG



Distributors: Buena Vista Pictures Distribution



Production Co.: Hollywood Pictures, Radar Pictures, Charlie Mopic Company



U.S. Box Office: $82,564,043



Filming Locations: Portland, Oregon, USA



Produced in: United States



Starring: Richard Dreyfuss, Glenne Headly, Jay Thomas, Olympia Dukakis, William H. Macy



Directed by: Stephen Herek, Steve Boyum



Produced by: Scott Kroopf, Patrick Sheane Duncan, Ted Field
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::25
Apparently someone won a walk-on role in this piece of shit.
3008 12 0 0 1
Lawnmower Man 2: Jobe's War Trailer 1995
Director: Farhad Mann
Starring: Austin O'Brien, Ely Pouget, Kevin Conway, Matt Frewer, Patrick Bergin, Camille Cooper

Official Content From New Line Home Entertainment

Empowered to an almost godlike status in 'virtual reality', a former simpleton takes revenge for past mistreatment in the real world.

Movie, Lawnmower Man 2: Jobe's War Movie,Lawnmower Man 2: Jobe's War Trailer,Lawnmower Man 2: Jobe's War 1995, Farhad Mann,Austin O'Brien, Ely Pouget, Kevin Conway, Matt Frewer, Patrick Bergin, Camille Cooper
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::26
5530 24 1 0 0
Les Miserables Trailer 1995
Director: Claude Lelouch
Starring: Jean-Paul Belmondo, Clementine Celarie, Michel Boujenah, Philippe Leotard, Alessandra Martines, Annie Giradot

Official Content From Warner Home Video

Set in World War II. A humble furniture mover helps a Jewish family escape German occupation. Based on Victor Hugo's classic novel. French with English subtitles.

Movie, Les Miserables Movie,Les Miserables Trailer,Les Miserables 1995, Claude Lelouch,Jean-Paul Belmondo, Clementine Celarie, Michel Boujenah, Philippe Leotard, Alessandra Martines, Annie Giradot
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::27
not a bad idea, could use a bit better writting
10953 27 2 0 1
Screamers Trailer 1996
Director: Christian Duguay
Starring: Charles Powell, Bruce Boa, Ron White,  ,  ,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Designed to protect the people of a war-torn planet, an army of artificially intelligent weapons begin to evolve into wild and brutal predators.

Movie, Screamers Movie,Screamers Trailer,Screamers 1996, Christian Duguay,Charles Powell, Bruce Boa, Ron White,  ,  ,
PT1M57S
sd
MovieID::::28
#radiostayrock
`...every junkie`s like a setting sun...` N Young.
1900 14 0 0 3
La storia di Nico, chanteuse
PT1H7M33S
sd
MovieID::::29
Great performance from Nicholson
this is masterpiece
I don’t get why this movie flopped
This is a great movie. I literally was on the edge of my seat until the ending.
15397 79 4 0 6
Starring: Jack Nicholson, David Morse, and Anjelica Huston
The Crossing Guard (1995) Official Trailer 1 - Jack Nicholson Movie

Freddie Gale is a seedy jeweler who has sworn to kill the drunk driver who killed his little girl.

Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
We're on SNAPCHAT: http://bit.ly/2cOzfcy
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT1M55S
hd
MovieID::::30
Um bando de pau no cu ... escrevem em português caralho  !!!!!
Ten un par de huevos y aparece no hemos hecho nada malo amarnos y ya
Ven olvida la policia nuestro amor es verdadero
Te espero este verano olvida qe te e denunciado solo estuve asustado
Lo sagrado sea lo qe sea
No te puedes meter con lo sagrado xqe se te revuelve contra ti los pecadores siempre tendran su castigo
Ven a por mi no te tengo miedo
too bad movies like this is over and all the good days are over!!
Two of my most unlikable stars. No thanks.
Blind (2017) brought me here.
this movie is awesome!!!! I just saw it on tv and when Alec Baldwin throws the dude in his own grave  oh shit!!!!!!
Demi's character was a real b.... to her son in a certain scene.
Is this movie title they mocked in 30 Rock?
Optimus Prime!
Ahhhhh...baby jgl!!!
Kim was 40 when they married, he didn't have her in her prime.
Gah. I wish my boyfriend would do that. Its one of my favorite lines in movie history.
I only watched this trailer for Joseph Gordon-Levitt :P lol
Omg Lil Joseph Gordon-Levitt!! MyHeart <3 <3
If you yelled it as loud as he did, I can see why she got mad....
i love demis voice
Just a little advice for the guys. I was driving to Asheville, NC with my girlfriend when this movie popped up in my head. As she enjoyed the mountains and scenery, I spontaneously shouted, "WHO WILL PROTECT YOU?!" Needless to say, my g/f was not amused. So don't do this during a roadtrip with the wife or girlfriend. It's not a battle worth fighting. lol
Parte de esta peli de filmo en Guatemala. En T'ui Cuch
"TAKE HOLLYWOOD HOME!!!" Gotta love that jingle!
Demi Moore is gorgeous, Alec is handsome. Alec want to play with Demi, Demi tells Alec  is very handsome man. They are HOT !!
I love this movie!  I was shocked to see it at only 15% on the Tomatometer.
OMG Joseph <33
I remember watching this film with my Mum almost 4 years ago when I was 14,and I thought it was pretty good! This is the film that started my crush on Joseph Gordon-Levitt :'D x
OMG the juror! The Rural Juror!!!! 30 Rock! alec baldwin in both!?! anybody else see this here?????
I was suppose to read the book of what this movie was based on for a book report due next week and I haven't read any of it D:
For the movie or the trailer.  The Trailer music is John Williams's Presumed Innocent.
little Joseph Gordon-Levitt is so cute <3
I loved the voice overs that 90's movies had. :)
In conclusion, this doesn't try to be 'smart.'
Plus, Demi asks her onscreen son why he cut something out of the papers and he says that she told him to, and she says he 'never' helps her, which helps you like Terminator 2 'more.' This is the worst Demi film of 1996.
@perfection0x The way Demi treated him by calling him a cry-baby, I wanted to smack her HARD in the face.
this movie  make me so mad, i can not even express the emotion.
Joseph Gordon Levitt looks soo cute!!!
looks like an amazing movie
its freakin free on HBO!!
think i'm gonna watch it!
@elizabethdavila22 He's like the big bad wolf in this movie.
omg alec  baldwin is here so hot mmmmm :D
OMG JOSEPH LOOKS SO CUTE HERE...I wanna watch this movie.
@tryfonias he was 15 and he was THE SAME like my 13 years old friend,, i mean THE SAME!!!! o.O
My Gosh!!! Alec Baldwin is extremely sexy!>!>!>!
good movie!! i saw it last night on starz
how old is Joseph Gordon-Levitt here?

;)
Yes, Alec Baldwin was very beautiful and sexy actor. Demi Moore was awesome. The Juror was great scary thriller
.. a disturbing look at criminal intervention in our legal system,weak plot and poorly acted but baldwin manages to hold it together.
197519 181 27 0 63
Good movie. Alec Baldwin is so great in this!
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::31
classic lines in this movie. Buckwheats! and everyone I show this movie to, loves it.
I think it may be a underated movie, this is a really good one, for those who understand it.
It's originale, and at the same time it got everything. Every good little detail that most other movies lack.
And first class acting. This chemistry between Walken and Garcia is very interesting, memorable.
Nunn?! Forsyte?! What about Steve Buscemi?
BOAT DRINKS PEOPLE.
i am what im!!!
aahh yes.......90's movie trailers with that deep voiced dialogue:) I miss this era of film. The trailers were kind of corny but the movies were really cool. today it's kind of the opposite as the trailers are epic but most films are disappointing.
aka my dick, Uncle Salty!
@painey86 Absolutely right voice over man sounds like a prick
what a hideous trailer for a phenomenal film
there's no shiny briefcase McGuffin in this script, like in Pulp Fiction. Truth be told, Scott Rosenberg is a writer to be reckoned with (or at least was) -- Things to Do in Denver, Beautiful Girls, Con Air, High Fidelity, Gone in 60 Seconds, Armageddon . . . Of Rosenberg's bad films, you have Impostor and (the wonderful) Highway.
Perfect movie, just freaking perfect! Violent, funny, romantic, moral without being preachy, it's flawless. Scotty Rosenberg, you knocked it outta the park!
BAD ASS MOVIE
The whole fucking movie in a 1 min 55 second trailer.
damn this one's bringing out the worst in our comments.  great film, one i'll see again and again.
@nuclearjew  and anybody gives a fuck about your opinion your name is nuclear jew
@nuclearjew go to hell!!! all hail Jimmy the Saint!!!
@nuclearjew Saw this in a theater after your Back Street Boys concert in '94, making you about 15?

Not mad at you, dickweed, just have little tolerance for those with no clue as to the derivation of words/terms in their own vernacular.

"Boat drinks", cool! "Buckwheats" cool! "Dickweed", enlightened.....ahhhh......
@scottythesaint  Everyone was so caught up in the hysteria about Pulp Fiction (a great movie), & this one was wrongfully compared to that... & died a very sad death, to live forever in the shadow... It's a classic. Walken, Loyd, Garcia, Williams, Forsythe, Buscheme, Cobb, etc., jesus.........
@nuclearjew Welcome to Hollywood, dickweed... Some other dickweed made-up every phrase you think is cool! Showing your age. a kid... An intellectual, you're not! Go review Lion King, or some kid oriented film. Your imagination is stuck at Sesame Street! Come back when you have a film degree, or are at least 30, numbskull!

Why do I waste my time..... Bieber generation.....
Agred, it's entertaining and these kids today will believe anything.
come on dude. I saw that you uploaded 3 or 4 scenes from the movie. You can't be serious... This is a kick ass movie. Pulp Fiction is a great movie too. We mustn't compare these 2 movies. Totally different stories. I can't find any similarities between these 2
brooklyn jimmie flatbush ave best pizza and best buckwheats
Mr. shoosh is coming 2 give u big hot buckwheats
pulp fiction is an amazing movie, but it has nothing to do with this one... this is one o my fav movies, its full of memorable scenes and the dialogue is unforgettable
Pulp Fiction is a movie for FAGGOTS-it has nothing on this movie- nothing at fucking all. BTW, what was that cool ass song playing in the pub scene?
That ad in no way does justice to the film, it made it look atrocious.
I mean not directly opposed to your judgement of Pulp Fiction being a good movie.
I didn't mean to be insulting with the "f***n****f***". That was uncool. Just wanted to make a point.

Else I think I'm correct, but not directly opposed to your judgement. Sorry for the wording.
Why do you compare two completely different things?

This one's nothing like Pulp Fiction. This here stuff's about morals, and values, and integrity.

Pulp Fiction is about incredible visuals and "fuck-nigga-fuck-what-a-strange-and-wonderful-world" kinda stuff.
No man, he's done all he needed to and went to Limbo. Could also be called "Get your things settled in Denver before you, inevitably, Die".

At least I hope so.
Any one get the ending Ive seen it about five times me and my mates just argue ...there not dead are they it was just a guy telling a story and they got of with the money ?
AHAHAH they used cues from Black Rain for this trailer.
One of the most underrated films EVER!
149818 181 15 0 37
Movie trailer of Things to do in Denver when you are dead starring Andy Garcia
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::32
10325 11 3 0 0
Antonia's Line Trailer 1995
Director: Marlene Gorris
Starring: Jan Decleir, Willeke Van Ammelrooy, Els Dottermans, Marina De Graaf, Mils Seghers, Mil Seghers

Official Content From BMG

After the devastation of World War II, an inspiring woman makes a new home with her daughter in a quiet Dutch town.

Movie, Antonia's Line Movie,Antonia's Line Trailer,Antonia's Line 1995, Marlene Gorris,Jan Decleir, Willeke Van Ammelrooy, Els Dottermans, Marina De Graaf, Mils Seghers, Mil Seghers
PT1M38S
sd
MovieID::::33
They need to show this whole movie.
7864 42 0 0 2
Once Upon A Time, When We Were Colored Trailer 1996
Director: Tim Reid
Starring: Al Freeman, Jr., Isaac Hayes,  Leon, Richard Roundtree, Phylicia Rashad, Paula Kelly

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

The chronicle of a young African American boy, coming-of-age in the segregated South. Based on the critically acclaimed memoir by Clifton L. Taulbert. Great ensemble cast in a labor of love.

Movie, Once Upon A Time, When We Were Colored Movie,Once Upon A Time, When We Were Colored Trailer,Once Upon A Time, When We Were Colored 1996, Tim Reid,Al Freeman, Jr., Isaac Hayes,  Leon, Richard Roundtree, Phylicia Rashad, Paula Kelly
PT2M17S
sd
MovieID::::34
This movie was boring as hell. Esp the actress at 0:51 - her character went NOWHERE!  And her doing that cougar/cat exercise outside with that guy coming onto her was stupid. The old lady was a bore. What a pretentious family spending time together during a pretentious summer in the pretentious Hamptons.  Leave pretentious films to the pretentious king - WOODY ALLEN.  No one even comes close.
this movie is kickass.
8033 16 2 0 3
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Last Summer in the Hamptons (1995) Official Trailer #1 - Comedy Movie HD

Filmed entirely on location in East Hampton, Long Island, "Last Summer in the Hamptons" concerns a large theatrical family spending the last weekend of their summer together at the decades-old family retreat which economic circumstances have forced them to put on the market.

Cast:
Roddy McDowall: http://j.mp/XCkrxX
Martha Plimpton: http://j.mp/14fP6s1
Holland Taylor: http://j.mp/TJJOkl

Director:
Henry Jaglom

Producer:
Judith Wolinsky

Writer:
Henry Jaglom
Victoria Foyt

Editor:
Henry Jaglom

Cinematographer:
Hanania Baer

Composer:
PT3M17S
hd
MovieID::::35
This is a great film but this trailer is TRASH
Boy, do the narrator sell it like it was an action film, lel
My teacher is in this
34802 41 5 0 4
Angels And Insects Trailer 1995
Director: Philip Haas
Starring: Anna Massey, Jeremy Kemp, Kristin Scott Thomas, Patsy Kensit, Mark Rylance,

Official Content From MGM Home Entertainment

When a working class man marries a wealthy woman, he soon finds his newly priviliged life is full of erotic decadance and illicit passion.

Movie, Angels And Insects Movie,Angels And Insects Trailer,Angels And Insects 1995, Philip Haas,Anna Massey, Jeremy Kemp, Kristin Scott Thomas, Patsy Kensit, Mark Rylance,
PT2M40S
sd
MovieID::::36
fuck this movie and fuck dunston
The end of this trailer wanted to make sure Dad's would bring their kids to see this one.
61376 120 7 0 2
Dunston Checks In Trailer 1995
Director: Ken Kwapis
Starring: Faye Dunaway, Jason Alexander, Paul Reubens, Rupert Everett, Eric Lloyd, Glenn Shadix

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

A posh Manhatten hotel turns into a three-ring circus when a fugitive orangutan named Dunston and his jewel thief master check-in for a visit.

Movie, Dunston Checks In Movie,Dunston Checks In Trailer,Dunston Checks In 1995, Ken Kwapis,Faye Dunaway, Jason Alexander, Paul Reubens, Rupert Everett, Eric Lloyd, Glenn Shadix
PT1M3S
sd
MovieID::::37
i didn't actually get it why they call it black sheep
Chris Farley was one of my favorite comedians having seen all his movies from Coneheads to Almost Heroes. His performance as lovable goofball Mike Donnelly was hilarious and the jokes were on target. Pairing him up with David Spade again made the film enjoyable
you can thank will ferrel for that
i hate how siskel and elbert rated this movie as a horrible movie i thought it was awesome
comedys not the same anymore :p
I love this movie. I hate how people have to compare this to Tommy Boy. Tommy Boy's a great movie. This is still a good movie in it's own right. Not every movie is going to be "Tommy Boy."
@lanegwyn It's a completely different movie then Tommy Boy. It's not a low Standard.
i remrber thinking it would have eben a terrible movie but turns out its now my afvorite movie in front of titanic
"Kill whitey!" That scene is hilarious. This move, along with "Tommy Boy," are in my top five favorite comedies of all time.
Rip Chris Farley he was so energysed!!!
aww i miss the farley/spade team they were so funny

and i love both guys separate their halirous but together,

they make my ribs hurt from laughing

RIP chris farley
this movie should be bigger then avatar and batman and superman together
@micwen101 i noticed that already
this isn't black sheep. black sheep is the movie where the sheep have this disease and eat people
Nothing Is Gonna Stop Us Now. (Car Doesnt Start) Lmfao. This Shit Is The Best.
That was the whole movie dude.
1:53 - 1:55 perfect gif xD
85899 97 4 0 21
Esse filme é muito bom
PT2M27S
sd
MovieID::::38
Great movie.
Julia Roberts’ accent sounds less Irish & more American. Glenn Close’s accent was more convincing
I'm amazed to see Glenn Close in yet another movie playing beside John Malkovich. Dangerous Liaisons was so great! And in this trailer... Can Glenn even be more Cruella than this? :D
I love this movie. Next to Dangerous Liaisons. Its one of his best movies ever.
"He's waiting for me to sleep, He's waiting to destroy. Whenever you're close to me, I feel him kicking at the door." - How poetic :P
33635 73 5 0 6
We are somewhere in England in the 19th century. A Pretty housemaid works in a nice house, which is Dr. Jekyll's house. Mary Reilly think she found her best job, because she is poor and the doctor is well-known and rich. The film tells the 'Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde' story as a woman sees the two men, one of them is good and the other is evil. And she loves them ...

With Julia Roberts and John Malkovich
PT2M15S
sd
MovieID::::39
- Love Al Pacino in these type of movies.  Great actor.
Good movie

30231 85 4 0 2
John Cusack ("High Fidelity," "Being John Malkovich") stars as the dedicated deputy mayor to popular New York City mayor, Academy Award-winner Al Pacino ("Insomnia," "Any Given Sunday"). When a shooting in Brooklyn escalates into a citywide scandal, Cusack discovers that the road to the truth has many detours. This powerful political drama stars Bridget Fonda ("A Simple Plan," "Jackie Brown"), Oscar-winner Martin Landau ("The Majestic," "Ready to Rumble"), Oscar-nominee and Emmy-winner Danny Aiello ("2 Days in the Valley," "The Professional"), and Oscar-nominees David Paymer ("State and Main," "Bait") and Tony Franciosa ("The Drowning Pool," "A Hatful of Rain").
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::40
Que terrible película. Terrible.
When I first saw Owen Wilson, I thought it was a blonde Trent Reznor, I flipped out. Anyway, this movie reminds me of some nerd burglars I knew in high school.
I bet that grand piano's worth ten grand.
Didn't know they are all brothers. Hey Mr Wilson's!
Vincent Vega??
that nose of owen wilson wasn't that big yet in the nighties
0:37 Jimmy Fallon is great in this movie
this trailer is so bad but this movie is so good weird !!!!!
"I just have short hair." for the last time
This trailer makes me think it sucks...
Movie that looks to kick some ass, yes. Intelligent vision of "Breaking & Entering" genre !
Saw it back in the 90’s. I loved it. Started a long love affair watching the Wilson bros on film. The one that stays out of the light is hot too’
the first and only wes anderson  film i dindt like  i dont know whats about this movie make a cult film it was boring af
Watching all the Wes Anderson movies, this looks soooo different from the aesthetic he later set in stone.
Can’t wait for Isle of Dogs.
This movie is amazing! This trailer is a huge disservice.
Trailer doesn't do the movie justice.
Missing is Ca-caw! Ca-caw!
adam the woo just stayed at that motel in the same room too
this trailer does not do the movie justice at all.
Martin Scorse is awesome. If he like it I like it.
Box office flop... but in the top ten of Martin Scorsese's favorite movies.
Such a great movie,just ordered the Criterion dvd,cant wait to watch it again!
Loved the movie but I hate the trailer
Greg Gutfeld brought me here
i love this movie but this is the worst trailer i've ever seen
Saw this on opening weekend in the theater. There were about 5 other people in the auditorium, and it lost a lot of money. Made me really sad because I felt like I had discovered something amazing and the world wasn't paying attention. Fortunately I was wrong! It just took a few more years for the world to notice. One of my favorite films.
Such a great movie.
Just saw it last night and can't stop thinking about it. I love this movie, its truly one of my cult movies now.
Thanks for providing the trailer!! Awesome movie!! see you guys! ;)
There are some scenes Iin this trailer which I haven'y seen while watching a movie. How come?
What's the song at the start with the brass at 0:06? Also what's the blues song at 0:36?
"And my name's Dinan, man!" That right there is enough for me wo wanna watch it!
This one represents my love of Fairfield, C.T.




-Little Nemo
(Goku-Mcgrath)



Apart of Occupy Wall Street
West Park Church
Occupy Fashion
add<3erall
11/13/2013
The School of Visual arts Church of Silver tiles Day 1117/8 P.M. nirvana
This is such a great movie
Still have yet to see this one and Steve Zissou. LOVE Anderson's other stuff though. Moonrise Kingdom should've received a lot more nominations from the Academy last year (including Best Picture). Oh well, their loss.
I remember hearing the radio commercials for Bottle Rocket when it was first released. I was in high school, and doing office work for spare change. A couple years later I saw it at the local video store and I've watched it every six months since. I've never felt a stronger connection to any other movie.
one of those movies where the trailer just can't even begin to portray it with justice
Holy crap , never saw O like that with his hair in that hair cut , looks different

i had too high of expectations. its an amazing film but anderson has def toned his directorial authorship (style?) a LOT. rushmore could almost has a different director. (great metaphot though)
No awkward is a good thing. The movies have a style of their own. I think infoandexpression was just trying to give a compliment sageyprincess, thats all.
I don't know why everyone says that Wes Anderson films are awkward. They're not. All of Wes' characters are well developed. not even a bit awkward
BEst comedy of ALL. TIME.
The Wilson's!
I will rocket you to the sky!
@eurydiceissonice That part wasn't in the movie either.
Wes Anderson's best offering. Hell, the same could be said for the Wilson Bros; that includes Future Man.
@k166a not true, hav u seen the royal tenebaums
Looks really funny.
@lacey72 Damn, ofcourse it's "Jack The Ripper", I'm embarrassed! Coolest guitar ever! Thank you!
What's that cool surf/R&B song playing at the end?
Luke Wilson is the same character in every movie...
could someone upload this full movie on youtube plz. i saw it on cable & i just wanna watch it again. cause i enjoy it & it was so funny.
470026 914 30 0 69
Trailer for Wes Anderson's film starring Luke Wilson, Owen Wilson, James Caan, Robert Musgrave, Lumi Cavazos, Andrew Wilson, Kumar Pallana, Ned Dowd, Shea Fowler, Haley Miller, Dipak Pallana,Tak Kubota,  Brian Tenenbaum, Jenni Tooley, Temple Nash, Darryl Cox, Stephen Dignan, Julie Mayfield,
PT2M44S
sd
MovieID::::41
You misnumbered 1996 in the title and the description.
Such a cool movie, Liota is the most underrated American actor ever.
3592 13 0 0 2
Unforgettable Trailer 1995
Director: John Dahl
Starring: Christopher McDonald, David Paymer, Linda Fiorentino, Peter Coyote, Ray Liotta, Kim Cattrall

Official Content From MGM Home Entertainment

Accused of killing his wife, a man finds that the crucial evidence needed to clear him can only be exhumed from his dead wife's memories with the help of a 'forensic visionary'.

Movie, Unforgettable Movie,Unforgettable Trailer,Unforgettable 1995, John Dahl,Christopher McDonald, David Paymer, Linda Fiorentino, Peter Coyote, Ray Liotta, Kim Cattrall
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::42
1907 16 0 0 0
"It's always the same time, understand? It's always now!"
PT2M22S
sd
MovieID::::43
Walt Disney Pictures presents from Jim Henson Productions Muppet Treasure Island
love this watched it this afternoon
Tim curry is soooo frickin beautiful
My favorite Muppet Moive next to Muppet Chrostmas Carol
My favorite muppet movie ever.
This is my favorite Muppet movie of all-time.
The trailer makes it seem as if Kermit is the focus, but in actually its the humans focus.
"I've got cabin fever!!!!"

"I'VE GOT IT TOOOOOOOO!!"
This was released in theatres on February 16, 1996 when I was still 14 and a 9th grader and on vhs on September 10, 1996 when I was 15 and a 10th grader.
I don't remember hearing the line GET THE TREASURE anywhere in this movie.
Taken from "Pocahontas".
Today marks the 20th Anniversary of Muppet Treasure Island.
I remember the cd rom more than the movie
Oh my god that's tim curry playing long john silver! I really need to watch this movie!
0:40 -
I don't think i remember seeing that part in the actual movie.
Walt Disney Pictures Presents
A Hasbro Entertainment Productions
A Full Moon Features Film
"Hasbro Gaming: The Movie 2016"
Starring Jim Cummings Kari Wahlgren Peter Vere-Jones and Brian Sergent
Songs Composed By Jason Copper and William Butler
line Producer Selwyn Roberts
Producion Designer Val Strazovec
Director of Photography John Fenner
Film Editor Michael Jablow, A.C.E.
Executive Producer Frank Oz
Screenplay By Jerry Juhl & Kirk R. Thatcher and James V. Hart
Produced By Martin G. Baker and Brian Henson
Directed By Charles Band
THIS WAS THE IDEA FOR THE GAME ABANDONED BY DISNEY HUH
This takes me back
I don't understand the hate for this movie. I can see Muppet's from Space, but not this one.
This was always my favorite Muppet movie.
I love it when Ms Piggy hits Kermit into the gong XD
Think Imma watch this.
My childhood
Still the best version of Treasure Island.
Hurry Rissole!
You should see Kevin (Jim) now...he is HOT and I'm so glad he's on a TV series in the US now...apparently he's a big deal back in the UK. :)
Actually they co-produced it. Disney always had their eye on the muppets.
Muppet Treasure Island is the best post-henson/non-fully produced by Disney muppet movie.
I love ALL the Muppet movies
247063 361 21 0 52
Muppet Treasure Island Theatrical trailer.

I do not own this content
PT1M57S
sd
MovieID::::44
How come people in this video only talk of supermodels but make no mention of the great Gianni Versace?? RIP Gianni, models come and go but creativity matters more than walking
prettiest girl in the room
Versace klasa!!!!
O jeny jak ja nie lubie tej turlinghton
CARLA BRUNIII
Can you please please upload about face: supermodels then and now. Please. It came out in hbo.
Ah, those were the days...
RIP Gianni - you are  missed
Thank You, Christy for having the foresight to document this time in the fashion world
Kate is such a midget compared to the other girls.
Francois Nars and his terribly obvious wig!
I always find mixed people much more beautiful.
Christy (American father & Salvadoran mother), Yasmin (Iranian father and English mother), Naomi (Jamaican (English) mother & Chinese father). and many others more.
I felt terribly for veronica when christy made that comment about her story being on film. You can see she was caught off guard
Song / Music? I think a remake of the song was made titled Funny Face or Christy's Theme, a version can be found titled Paris Sept by Malcolm Mclaren.
where is the catwalk?  It's all nonsense girlie talks.
veronica is Such a stuck up bitch. no surprise she's from Detroit
Christy is truly an amazing woman. She has created an amazing charity helping women & children worldwide. a true icon. She seems so sweet, unlike some people *Veronica Webb* and thats why Christy has had such longevity in the fashion industry.
I seriously want to see more videos of Donatella Versace in the early 90's
Veronica Webb has always been hideous and dull.
Uhahhaaaaa Acc b xgczjjdjjfjjccfjdjjdkdkdjjdjjjdjdididd,-?---,,77----fujffjffjfjffjfjfjjfjfjjf3
Wow this documentary is golden. Raw footages, conversations, and just simply seeing a part of the lives of supermodels in the 90s. So awesome!
Also at 8:25, clearly Christy was just being being silly, but Veronica Webb responded slyly and took it seriously. Kate though just stood there awkwardly in between! haha. Well nobody cares about Veronica's video now, and barely anyone remembers her anymore.
What did Turlington say to Kate Moss at 8:00?  When Kate turned away, Turlington said, "She didn't take that very well."
08:08 I'd rather see a documentary on Veronica Webb. She actually has a brain.
OMG! Rupaul at 7:50!!!!!!
Kate Moss is so cute
Hey on the original documentary Sharon stone walked in Valentino but the music playing wasn't Malcolm McLaren it had a electronics feel to it I can't think of the song help
Thanks everyone for the information!!!
Guy's you can purchase this (the movie) used on Amazon.com.
Holy shit...sweet Jesus.....I have been looking for this for YEARS! I'm thrilled to find it! Does anyone anywhere know where to get a copy of this?
Now pt9 seems to be down as well as pt7.  This is old old footage from 1994...what's the problem!
I love how cute Kate sounded while talking about nipple peircings lol.
Omg Rupaul <3
Watching this is a religious experience for those who recognize Christy Turlington as the greatest fashion model EVER! Plato's Ideal of Beauty incarnated, she is simply exquisite!
christy so adorable
OMG .., sometimes I hate Kate Moss but now , i've think of her as a beautiful child , look at her ...
I'm so pissed at youtube for taking down part 7!!!!!! now where in the fuck am I supposed to find it!?
veronica ooooooh bitch
weird to see Kate Moss this young :D
françois was being such a dick
Christy, Naomi, Linda. There's a reason why they were called "The Trinity."
Naomi Campbell!!!!!!
Does anyone know where I can get the mp3 for the song "Funny Face (Christy's Theme)"by Malcolm Mclaren which is on the opening and closing titles?
Thanks for posting!!! I haven't seen this in a while and still enjoy the cattiness scene between CHRISTY & VERONICA WEBB at VERSACE.
I miss those times! VCR's eating tapes etc :)
carla bruni! =)
Thank you...
Wow! young Kate Moss, fresh!
I think it's a Malcolm McLaren track.
I like Christy, but I like Veronica too!
Haha, she has to model to keep up her "riding habit". hilarious.
9:10 Please...could anyone give me the name of the song if you know
@macleancat Yeah that dude is a total douche! Some of these characters in the industry not only have inflated egos but can be very unprofessional. I guess that's how it is artists merging with the business world. He's a total ass.
Love Christy but...Naomi is just FLAWLESS!
Perez Hilton on Twitter
perez hitlon just tweeted this, so...
At the 2:05 mark - those are KEVYN AUCOIN'S motherfucking hands, you guys!!!
Kate looks 14 in this footage and she's such a cute doll; love her vulnerbility and that makes her my personal fav.
Sorry but Francois Nars was a total prick to that lady.
Thanks SandraBinken Faassen
Whats the name of the song the girls walk to for Versace?
@annece27 Download youtube downloader
Must be nice to travel with three bags and not have to worry about the cost:/
I am just watch this to see Kate Moss.
@sexypara christy was bitching about her movie, and veronica said that she was on national news when she opened shows... and christy said " well let's have to see when it come out" in an ironic way.
look@ru paul. omg
At the time this doc was made Christy was a smoker but gave it up eventually.  Her father died of cancer so she made this one of her causes.  Christy was,and is, my favorite model.  That face says serenity which was a goldmine for the companies that employed her.  To this day her image still takes my breath away some 30 years after she started her career.
I wish sooo bad I were a supermodel.but just in the late 80'-90!
:O
omfggg rupaul ;O
What was Christy saying to Veronica, when Christy says ''She didn't take that too well"
@guseast You mean Kate Moss, right? At 3:12? yes?
Kate looks so tiny standing next ti Turlington and Campbell at 3:12!
grande versace!!!
That possibility exists to get this dvd "Catwalk" to Argentina?

I'd love to have this documentary.

I appreciate your response


I know this sounds crazy! I think she has the most perfect nose in the entire world! perfection!
Ughh seeing Gianni makes me want to cry :(
this is back when NYC was real and models has personalities and they weren't just walking stick figures.
I wish that first song was available. Those ladies sound lovely
what's the name of the photographer shooting her for W????  He doesn't look familiar --- Get back Fashionheads lol
it looks like a bird shit on their heads
@st00pidness you're so right! Bless u ciOne!
shes very 90s looking, cute...
Baby Kate is so adorable,shame she has aged so badly,but hey it's her life...
@jamesismydean  I think the song was made just for the movie. I can not find it. I beliveve it is called Funny Face or Christy's theme by Malcom Mclaren
I LOVE this movie and have been looking for it on DVD if anyone can help that would be grrreat! I have a VHS but cannot find the DVD.
christy is always so gorgeous
Anyone know what song plays at the end?
thank you so much
Thank you sooooooooooo much! This really made my day! :D AH!
Christy Turlington
166620 616 19 0 114
c
PT9M57S
sd
MovieID::::45
is this the real trailer haha
I watched this movie only once. It was almost over though. :(
My life = Before our Norwegian Elkhound, Spook, went missing---1992.

And After---------------After is the living Hell.
whats with the grey color :|
61798 59 9 0 4
How well do you know your child?  If they did something awful, how far would you go to protect them, not only from outside forces, but from themselves?  These are the intriguing questions that the gripping first act of Before and After sets up.  Unfortunately, with a muddled second act, the film loses sight of these questions and quickly sinks into overwrought territory that's marred by maudlin speeches and silly handwringing.
http://www.theparallaxreview.com/on_cable/before_and_after.html
PT2M29S
sd
MovieID::::46
Perhaps the worst film I have seen!
I have to watch this, it's filmed in my hometown!
ww.youtube.com/movie/margarets-museum apparently you can buy in online for $3.99
so are you saying you didn't like the ending of the original story too?  Or just the way they did the ending in the film?  Because without the ending, it's just another CBC drama.  The ending is sudden and powerful, especially for 90's Canadian film.  The ending made it fantastic.
I'm not sure anyone will ever upload it.  Despite being an amazing film, It just isn't that popular.  I download most movies, but I made an exception for this one and bought it on amazon and I'm glad I own it.  Everyone I show it to loves it.  Do the Canadian film industry a favour and buy a copy.
I love this movie.  I wish I could find it on DVD somewhere.  Its hard to find here
It was based on a book by a local Cape Bretoner, maybe if you read it you would understand the ending's purpose better. It's a fabulous film.
This was filmed partly in cape Breton! Can't believe Helena Bonham carter was here!
I started to watch this show on tv a couple days ago, because I heard The Rankin Family's song "Chi mi na morbheanna" playing in it lol
I want to watch! I want to watch! I want to watch!
This movie is very unique and different, but I love it :D None of the trailers do it justice, but I did see a much better trailer for it than this one. At least you can watch the movie on youtube now :)
This movie was absolutely fantastic.....except for the last twenty minutes.

The ending was totally ruined.

They turned a perfectly good movie view into a Hitchcockian piece of rubbish!



I'll never watch this again nor will I recommend it to anyone.

Wanna be really upset with how a movie ends??

Then watch this one.
Award Winning! She should have won an award for this!
Aha! I've never actually seen this movie, but they used my grandmother neighbour/family friends house for a few scenes of this movie, so I grew up hearing about it, and seeing videos of me and my cousins running around the set and crew bringing the equpment in, but this is the first clip I've ever seen. Think I'm going to have to watch it XD
@lovemeliketherain7

Same here!

I would absolutly love to work in a movie with her! (:
Me gusta esta pelicula... XD
i want to see this movie rlly bad
That's a pretty flat trailer for a very good movie.
Terrific, terrific movie! It deserves to be on DVD. Most major studios don't have courage to make films like this one.
huh...wow look how young she was... I wonder what year this movie was...
myspace/februaryskyswe
25061 37 0 0 23
trailer for the movie margaret's museum starring Helena Bohnam Carter, Clive Russell and Kate Melligan. Music in trailer is The Rankins "Chi Mi Na Morbheanna"
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::47
How could a miracle have such tragedy? Anne Frank was a miracle.
I’m almost 35 and Anne Frank’s diary continues to inspire me. Her life and legacy will live on in her writing and she’s gonna be a continuous legend to anyone who is going through adversity. RIP Ms. Frank (1929-1945)
Wow miep gies survived the war she died on 2010 that was where I was born!
I have loved this book since childhood, it was my mother’s favorite, hoping I’ll pass my book down my grandchildren and that they will love Anne as we do!
I look exactly like Anne Frank oh my God
Oh, how I love this documentary! <3
htt p://polskaweb.eu/index2.php?option=com_content&do_pdf=1&id=3793
i think...her tragic life and her precious writings will inspire us forever ...she was before Vincent van gogh...and after the holocaust.human dignity must never be forgotten! God knows everything!..tony amore off the BBC one documentary its A MAD WORLD..filmed in england in 2007
Anne's my inspiration for wanting to be a writer. And those people who post hate comments, stop talking crap about Jewish people( it's pathetic )
anne frank <3 my hero!
If only she could no she did get remembered after death
@adriponzio89 Unfortunately, we have sold out of this on our site.
@lies4us Yes, these 'parts' were only a few page numbers, written by her father who organised the material after the war.

(Neo)Nazi propaganda!
I can't wait to watch this documentary.

Anne Frank is a true inspiration.
OMG! This is a great movie! Her Story is sooooooo sad, byt she is an inspiration to us all! God Bless, Anne Frank!
58330 140 7 0 15
Narrated by Kenneth Branagh and Glenn Close, this documentary features vintage newsreels, photographs and even a rare home movie to look beyond the celebrated pages of Anne's diary. Anne's life serves once more as an unforgettable symbol of--and tribute to--the many lives lost in the Holocaust. Oscar Winner for Best Documentary, Feature.
PT1M5S
sd
MovieID::::48
The trailer is misleading the actual film as well as the real story of Graham Young.

I love the film anyway. It took me a very long time to find it. Brilliant acting by Hugh O'Conor.
Utah Outcasts channel sent me here.
Ahhh, I remember how it felt at 13, being imprisoned in a vicious school run by  psychopaths whose chief delight was torturing us kids...and my fierce determination to master chemistry and knock them all off if my Mum did not remove me from that hell hole....
The music and narration in this trailer are so juxtaposed to the actual movie it's shocking...
This is still in my Top10 movies of all time. The movies of this era are on a different level to the hollywood shit from today. No CGI, no people that look like models, no ridiculous movie budget, just good old fashioned story telling with a hell of a kick.
Fuck you hollywood, local peer discovery owns you now :)
lol does anybody know what the song is called during the second half of th trailer
its the Nutcracker, and it sounds like the Emerson, Lake & Palmer version
Nut Rocker, by B. Bumble & The Stingers
song from 0:39???please??!?!?!?!!?
this was a great film.Shame i cant find the full movie on YT
wow, i never know this film before. Well, i think i must buy this dvd.


@touchogrey ps. what i was trying to say with my first post is that i think those people with power, which call themself the army (including those idolizing) or the law are far more dangerous (to the mass) than a boy poisoning a few people surrounding him.
@touchogrey moral? theres no differences between killing and killing. and theres no moral or excuse to justify that. who is it to decide when someones life has to end? the killers cant you say? so people who call themself the law or the army can, yes!? thats ridiculous. a couple of people poisoned compared to thousands of innocent people killed by armyboys with their oh so precious weapons. (catchwords: irak, civilians, helicopter, america, bradley manning, hooray)..continue playing god. amen.

@sophiascalpel those are on an entirely different moral wavelength.   this man poisoned people with no moral rationale or purpose - he was a sadist.   whether or not you believe in the death penalty (given to those assumed guilty by a law) or believe in war (a moral absolute that is unavoidable since the beginning of time) is irrelevant to the question of this man's guilt.  get it yet?
@touchogrey well, i rather have sympathy for a killer than "normal" people idolize the army and killing thousands of innocent people or/and than a country that thinks death penalty is the way to justify.
@ceruleanee that's awful.  this movie glorifies murderous and inhuman activities.  nothing good about imitations and those who cannot draw the line between fantasy and reality.
@MOBRIEN1234567 some of the music is in the movie, heh
Man, I love this. This movie never got the attention it deserved... which is fine by me: Pulchrum est paucorum hominum.
just found it on netflix..ive been looking for this movie for a long time.
It's an amazing film but when I found out that I live next to the town where the real Graham Young poisoned the factory workers I was bloody terrified!
Does anyone now a link so i can watch this online please?

i need it like now tho

ty

xx
i watched this last night, it was on at like...2am and i just sat there and watched it, it was quiet a good movie.
yuck this trailer is terrible, the movies nothing like this. that cleshay music and voice over makes me wanna poison the cunts who made this trailer
i love this movie, but i cant find the dvd in my city :S
yeah it was originally to be a black comedy! :P
yeah it was originally to be a black comedy! :P
POST THE SCENE THAT PLAYS LIVING IN THE PAST! it's one of the best.
they should make a Blu-ray movie of this, i mean like to move it to DVD to blu-ray this kid is outstanding! shame what happen to him though..love the movie!
Did they ever release this as a Region 1 DVD?
Love this movie, hate this trailer for it.
It makes it look like a funny good time romp.
Very very dark humour.
just saw this - very good movie!
nice dyou think you could put any real life docs about graham young his history is interesting
32369 102 7 0 36
Trailer for the movie Young Poisoners Handbook. Ripped by www.thesitebythecemetery.com
PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::49
Pre-equine Sarah Jessica Parker was kind of cute.
Ben Stiller!
11243 29 6 0 3
If Lucy Fell Trailer 1996
Director: Eric Schaeffer
Starring: Ben Stiller, Sarah Jessica Parker, James Rebhorn, Elle MacPherson, Eric Schaeffer,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A couple of beautiful, screwball best friends make a suicide pact: If they don't find their perfect match before turning 30, they'll jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.

Movie, If Lucy Fell Movie,If Lucy Fell Trailer,If Lucy Fell 1996, Eric Schaeffer,Ben Stiller, Sarah Jessica Parker, James Rebhorn, Elle MacPherson, Eric Schaeffer,
PT1M53S
sd
MovieID::::50
It's a good movie, great actually
2506 6 0 0 1
Race The Sun Trailer 1996
Director: Charles Kanganis
Starring: Eliza Dushku, Halle Berry, James Belushi, Kevin Tighe, Casey Affleck,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

When a group of Hawaiian high school underachievers travel to Australia to race their environmental car, they become caught up in the adventure of a lifetime! Based on a true story.

Movie, Race The Sun Movie,Race The Sun Trailer,Race The Sun 1996, Charles Kanganis,Eliza Dushku, Halle Berry, James Belushi, Kevin Tighe, Casey Affleck,
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::51
@dpfina no its Faye Wong's Dream Person... a cover by the cranberries
Was this movie translated into any languages besides Cantonese?
Thank you very much, though I got the whole song already, anyways, thanks a lot!
"Dreams" was covered in Cantonese by Chinese pop diva Faye Wong in her 1994 album Random Thoughts and later in Mandarin in "Somebody in my dream". The Cantonese version was used in the Wong Kar-wai film Chungking Express, in a scene featuring Wong, who co-starred in the movie.
PLease please what is the track that starts at 1:04? and where can I find it??? I got to have that please!!!
36639 45 1 0 6

PT1M30S
sd
MovieID::::52
This was great
Thank god, I never did this, I was adopted along with my twin
I am not a Ben Stiller fan  However a friend made me see this movie and it was awesome.  It has a great fast pace to it and I love how all the zany character's lives become intermingled with each other on this cross country road trip. Lilly Tomlin is a trip and seeing Mary Tyler Moore was a bonus treat.  Great cast.
why does he always put his wife in his movies, and why is the females in his movies always white blonds??? WHy not latinas our black???
Mary Tyler Moore was great in this movie.
Mary deserved an Oscar nom here! Rip Mary.
RIP Mary Tyler Moore 1/25/2017.
best part of this movie was the ending credits clips.
1:00 Ben Stiller kind of had the Jerry Seinfeld look going there
136999 250 46 0 14
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Flirting With Disaster (1996) Official Trailer - Ben Stiller, Patricia Arquette Movie HD

In a quest to find his biological parents, Mel Coplin, joined by his wife and a sexy adoption counselor, embarks on a cross country search for his roots. As he careens from one outrageous situation to another, Mel finds himself tempted by the seductive counselor, even as his wife starts a flirtation of her own. By the time they meet up with his free-spirited birth parents, the whole situation is spinning hysterically out of control.

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT2M3S
hd
MovieID::::53
Superb film, one of the best from Africa
WATCHED THIS MANY TIMES, bought the movie, it never fails to break my heart. So beautiful and timeless. Thank you AfricanFilmLibrary for sharing <3
23046 44 2 0 2
Download and Stream the full movie at www.africanfilmlibrary.com



This exquisite and compelling film is a rare work by a woman filmmaker working in an Arab country. The director Moufida Tlatli tells a personal story of the lives of servant women during the last days of French colonial rule in Tunisia in the 1950s.
PT2M31S
sd
MovieID::::54
The poor deluded woman needs to be helped, not scorned. She has a good heart.
These days are the consequences of when you"make it" it's sad that people generally are so gross and misguided. This woman is the very definition of a saint.
Love those effects in the main title, at 3:55. They sound especially well sampled in Biosphere's When I Leave.
I really wanted to like this documentary, but it never went anywhere. It could have been condensed to thirty minutes and been fine. It is interesting but just leaves you feeling you wasted your time watching it.
1) Find a bum.
2) Listen to crack out stories fueled by life of drugs and abuse.
3) Make Documentary
4) PROFIT
02:33 red shirt guy LOL! Haters gonna hate
5430 19 0 0 8
An excerpt from the documentary "Jupiter's Wife" by Michel Negroponte with music and sound by Harmonic Ranch - Beo Morales, Brooks Williams.

http://HarmonicRanch.com
PT5M35S
sd
MovieID::::55
Love this show!
9085 2 1 0 1

PT1M19S
sd
MovieID::::56
2258 6 0 0 0
Frankie Starlight Trailer 1995
Director: Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Starring: Gabriel Byrne, Matt Dillon, Anne Parillaud, Allen Panginy, Corbin Walker, Corban Walker

Official Content From New Line Home Entertainment

The quirky story of a young boy's adventures growing up with his stunningly beautiful mother and the two very different men who love her.

Movie, Frankie Starlight Movie,Frankie Starlight Trailer,Frankie Starlight 1995, Michael Lindsay-Hogg,Gabriel Byrne, Matt Dillon, Anne Parillaud, Allen Panginy, Corbin Walker, Corban Walker
PT2M12S
sd
MovieID::::57
this feels like a fever dream
Anyone have the VHS for sale?
I wish I had seen this in 1995 and not 2019
LOL, 1 dislike. Gee i wonder who it might have been?....SST? the Media? Christians? or an SST employee who's a Christian & has a parent who works in the media?
365th Like =0]
thanks for uploading this!!!
Nothing more comforting than the voice of the Weatherman- Combines
So prescient
Fuck Greg Ginn.
Anyone want this on VHS? I have one for sale.
This is one of my favorite docs of all time. I had the privilege of meeting Craig Baldwin and seeing a screening of this in 16 mm at Chicago Underground Film Festival 2018, as well as several other works of his in glorious 16 mm!
When I first heard the Casey Casum mix, around 1993, I thought Casum's disparaging comment about U2 ("These guys are from England and who gives a shit...") was a sly and sophisticated strike at the band's non-Catholic, i.e. Anglo-Irish (ascendant) sub-ethnic status...now I realize, Casey just mixed up England and Ireland...after all, England, Ireland, "who gives a shit." Since 2016 I've stopped attributing intelligence and sophistication to people and have learned it's always much safer to assume they barely even know what they're talking about themselves, so always assume lowest common denominator.
I own the copyrights to all mishmash. Please send me a check at your earliest convenience. Thank you.
what is this top40 computer playback keyboard they mention around 6:30?   like what is that called or does anyone know how it works?
I'm five minutes into this doc and these extremely white guys are hella annoying.
A must to see for all plunderphonics fans https://archive.org/details/AlbionMoonlightThePIRATEUTOPIAExperimentsVividTribeOfPsychics
is this the same one https://dvd.netflix.com/Movie/Sonic-Outlaws/70026370?strackid=1fd44f606627f345_1_srl&trkid=201891639
Hey, I'm writing something about John Oswald, but, as a french guy, I have some difficulties to understand what they say at 47:30 and 48:40. The crowd behind is just too noisy and I only managed to catch some words. Can anyone help me ? That would be great. Thanks !
Hail Negativland !
This is like mind bleach.
Fun fact: I got 3 copyright notices on this video.
17188 436 1 0 40
Documentary covering early sample based artists. Features interviews with: Negativland, John Oswald, Tape-beatles and more
PT1H37M54S
sd
MovieID::::58
its was wery fun whit the Fart scene in this movie i whatch it long time ago!
Sounds like Louie Louie.

Yup definitely some deleted scenes
There are so many scenes in this that aren't in the actual movie :(
what is the name of the song in last few seconds ? pls 10x
32191 30 5 0 6
How funny is a man with a tattooed dick? It's kind of a barometer question for enjoying Down Periscope, because it's the film's most persistent gag.

http://www.theparallaxreview.com/on_cable/down_periscope.html
PT2M59S
sd
MovieID::::59
Wait.  How can these be the diaries of Jean Seberg when she died in 1979?  Some of this references events from 1984.  Which parts are from her actual journals?  (I definitely would've been suicidal from he sexism alone in those days.  What an awful time for women).
Terrible writing. Cheap cynicism. AWFUL crappy telling of this story.
Why did Jane Fonda read Joan in an Irish Accent in Klute? LOL!
What a complaining look back at her career and life in general. Always and exclusively negative narration. I totally hate this film.
You Must Remember This brought me here
Why did he have such a brittle, crass, one-dimensional, insensitive actress play the luminous and transcendent Seberg?
Grating voice too.
Jean Seberg might be my favorite actress. I love so many of her movies, which I watch over and over. The sound of her voice is so nice and her filmography is so interesting and feminine. I even like the lesser-known films she made---including the ones where she was made to be sexy, cause frankly, it's lovely to look at and relates to the viewer's own desires, so it's nice  to see passion on the screen. Therefore, I don't appreciate the way this documentary takes a critical tone with almost every movie she did, as though Jean was ashamed of them all. If she was, she shouldn't have been.

Anyway, I like that her movies are so sensual, offbeat, odd, beautiful, and varied. This documentary, while interesting to watch, was entirely too harsh in its critiques.
Jean was a beast of a intellect. And perceptive in the extreme. A avatar of creative and spiritual courage in any and all times.
Thank you. I love Jean Seberg.
Excellent honoring of one great overlooked actress. Robert Rosen was one of the greatest American directors so much overlooked.
Thank you for uploading this. You've done a real public service here!
wow, i'm glad i got to watch this, I saw "paint your wagon" when i was 10 years old late 70's my mothers fav movie but every time we watch it, my mother would say, "I hate jean seberg she cheated on her husband with a black fella, slut" I wish I could show this documentary to my mother but she has past. but i'm sure my dear mother would say shes lying. I for one believe you jean. RIP.
19710 119 7 0 21
Jonathan Rosenbaum's article "Riddles of a Sphinx", from the Chicago Reader http://www.jonathanrosenbaum.com/?p=6782

Interview with Mark Rappaport "The Seberg we missed", from Cineaste http://www.jonathanrosenbaum.com/?p=19905
PT1H37M59S
sd
MovieID::::60
2362 4 3 0 0
Dvorak, symphony no 9, largo
PT1M17S
sd
MovieID::::61
Shoted in Philippines
I wish this was still on Netflix! I love this movie!
eyes a ticket ova show iss wen yer texting cunts pretending to be a bird hehehe strange and weird hehe
2769 14 0 0 3
http://www.tomiland.pl/filmy.php?id=12184
PT54S
sd
MovieID::::62
For all that have no idea- this movie is actually based on a true story, and have some compation for Gods name.
This really was a silly film.
When a man loves a woman and up close and personal are great examples of co-dependent relationships
Song Name, Please.
you  put SPOILER first you clever boy... now you spoiled the whole movie... happy?
Rossi!
Good movie, wish he wouldn't have *Spoiler Alert*...  died in the end.
39502 62 4 0 7
#1996movietrailer #movietrailer #michellepfeiffer
More Videos @ #cappazack

"Up Close and Personal" Trailer 1996
Robert Redford, Michelle Pfeiffer

Video Trailer Here - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzgOrp3qRRg
PT2M33S
sd
MovieID::::63
4206 9 3 0 0
The Brothers Mcmullen Trailer 1995
Director: Edward Burns
Starring: Jack Mulcahy, Mike McGlone, Edward Burns, Connie Britton, Maxine Bahns, Elizabeth P. McKay

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

Low budget film about three Irish Catholic brothers from Long Island dealing with temptation, fear and commitment. A serious, yet funny look at Generation X. Won Best Picture at the Sundance Film Festival.

Movie, The Brothers Mcmullen Movie,The Brothers Mcmullen Trailer,The Brothers Mcmullen 1995, Edward Burns,Jack Mulcahy, Mike McGlone, Edward Burns, Connie Britton, Maxine Bahns, Elizabeth P. McKay
PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::64
We were wondering if we could barrow someee brrowwn shuga
narcotic geng movie again?
i want be like mike.he is good.
110929 174 18 0 4
Bad Boys Trailer 1995
Director: Michael Bay
Starring: Joe Pantoliano, Martin Lawrence, Tcheky Karyo, Will Smith, Tea Leoni,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

When $120 million worth of confiscated heroin is stolen, two Miami narcotic cops race to solve the case before the Feds step in and shut them down.

Movie, Bad Boys Movie,Bad Boys Trailer,Bad Boys 1995, Michael Bay,Joe Pantoliano, Martin Lawrence, Tcheky Karyo, Will Smith, Tea Leoni,
PT2M54S
hd
MovieID::::65
69054 121 10 0 0
The Basketball Diaries Trailer 1995
Director: Scott Kalvert
Starring: Bruno Kirby, Juliette Lewis, Leonardo DiCaprio, Lorraine Bracco, Michael Rapaport, Markie Mark

Official Content From PolyGram Video

A high school basketball player's dream of playing pro ball goes up in smoke because of a heroin addiction. Based on Jim Carroll's autobiography of triumph over tragedy.

Movie, The Basketball Diaries Movie,The Basketball Diaries Trailer,The Basketball Diaries 1995, Scott Kalvert,Bruno Kirby, Juliette Lewis, Leonardo DiCaprio, Lorraine Bracco, Michael Rapaport, Markie Mark
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::66
Isn't that girl with the bangs the Jew Bitch Engineer from Schindler's List?
111 likes, 0 dislikes, im home
One of the best films of my youth.
love this movie.
I was obsessed with this film in high school!
I really hate this film! There's just one good thing: Isabelle Huppert!
What sequence in the film do they play this tune???
Seeing the movie Insomnia led me back to this weird little movie with the great diologue.
Extraordinaria película.
@khristinanarizhnaya it's water by PJ Harvey
Water by pj Harvey
What is this song????? Please someone say!!!!
52594 146 3 0 13
Isabelle is an ex-nun waiting for her special mission from God. In the meantime, she is making a living writing pornography. She meets Thomas, a sweet, confused amnesiac who cannot remember that he used to be a vicious pornographer, responsible for turning his young wife, Sofia, into the world's most notorious porn queen. Sofia's on the run, convinced she's killed him. Together, Isabelle and Thomas set out to discover his past, a past waiting to catch up with him.
Featuring Martin Donovan, Isabelle Huppert and Elina Löwensohn.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109093/
PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::67
The trailer is as bad as the movie is worth watching.
What a shit trailer.
what a fucking shit trailer
I'd totally let Lili feed on me,  but also i'd let Peina do it as well.
For those wondering, this is a vampire movie seen thru the eyes of an NYU philosophy student (Lili Taylor).  After being bit we watch her transformation and descent into bloodthirsty addiction.  She eventually found and mentored by Pena (Christopher Walken) on how to control her addiction much like a heroin addict would.  The themes are both dark and deep. Executive producer Russell Simmons ensures a tasty hip-hop soundtrack while the black & white only enhances the horror and making it all seem even more real.  Featuring early roles by Edie Falco, Annabella Sciorra, Kathryn Erbe and Michael Imperioli.  Enjoy!
This trailer reminds me of the trailer for Al Pacino's "Cruising". Intense
just saw this movie for the first time...UNBELIEVABLE FLICK...its a shame it doesn't get more hype
Worst trailer ever.
it's a cool film. recommended viewing for sure.
Is this movie any good? I cant understand it from the trailer...
lol have you seen the movie? its not a crime picture, and it shows in the last like 15 minutes of the movie.
excellent independent flim!
why is this movie on the wiki list catogory:' Horror'.....
Yes agreed, probably the worst trailer i ever saw...

This Trailer is truly awful. 'Nuff said.
maybe the best movie of its kind
'Shocking'? Maybe to yer 109 year old maiden aunt.
abel ferrara is fucking genius,
93968 144 13 0 18
Trailer for 'The Addiction' by Abel Ferrara
PT37S
sd
MovieID::::68
To those who aren't fans of the theatrical cut, then here is the petition that someone created for a director's cut to be released for its 25th anniversary. You are all welcome to sign it, and spread the word out: https://www.change.org/p/warner-bros-to-warner-bros-release-the-director-s-cut-of-batman-forever-for-its-25th-anniversary. Thank you.
No wonder people got suckered. With this movie. Yeah Keaton was gone but everybody assumed Burton was producing so might have some control and the Danny Elfman music score in the trailer. Then you watch the movie. After ten minutes shoot me.
We deserve a 4k version of this timeless movie.
This was the TV teaser trailer for The WB network.  It was during one of their most popular shows at the time and advertised to catch the trailer doing the show
Chris O'Donnell: "I'm a part of this whether you like it or not." It's like he's talking directly to the audience.
I hope modern audiences realize that the unpolished movie trailer was strictly a Batman franchise thing.  It has roots in the first teaser trailer for Batman 1989.  Nothing else I ever saw as a kid had the same raw and rushed feel as a Batman teaser trailer.
Man they should bring Michael Keaton back as Batman in this movie!
For all the grief this movie gets, I still remember being in a theater in 1995 and the crowd cheering when they saw Robin in costume.
i remember seeing this on entertainment tonight and i got goosebumps...im still waiting for this version of the movie haha we were all fooled...if u dont take them seriously like the adam west series then yeah they are a little fun
Using Elfman's score fooled the world into thinking this movie was at least going to keep some of what was good about Batman and Batman Returns after Keaton dropped out and Burton was relieved as director. It unfortunately was crap without Burton and Keaton.
There is a shorter, better version of this trailer out there. It's about 2:30, and uses the Elfman music much more effectively.

I'm honestly surprised it hasn't shown up on YouTube.
For all the crap this film gets, you gotta admit, it had one of the best alfred's (not sure if the actor was in the previous films) and batmobiles. And Nicole Kidman was a plus...
@luisnazariodalima1 you obviously havent seen batman & robin then
the elfman music is of course so awsome and epic but it doesnt quite go with schumachers bright batman.
49953 85 7 0 16
Theatrical Teaser
PT3M23S
hd
MovieID::::69
The contradictory style. The cinematography. The surrealism.
gracias por sus películas maestro Buñuel
Arguably, the most beautiful woman in contemporary cinema.  She's a grandma now and she's still gorgeous.
About the peeping hole, let me try an explanation, Daniel. It must be protected by a painting so that when you are in this room you don´t see there is a hole in the wall. And once you remove the painting, the lid prevents any light from denoucing the trick to the people making love in the next room. This is real life, not Buñuel´s invention.
Buñuel es el único director de cine
los otros son otra cosa ,pero no directores
1:21 What's the point of having a lid on a peeping hole if it's already hidden behind a thing?!
So much resemble of grace kelly...
A fantastic movie
Very fascinating
Catherine Deneuve, Catherine Deneuve, Catherine Deneuve
The movie is not the same as the book but then again a movie is never the same as the book

@Friday, This film is GREAT!!!
Excellent clips Criterion. A genius of marketing. I've been enjoying them.
I thought it was going to be Peter Falk in that trenchcoat when that guy turned around.

One of my favorite films.
Shocking, clever images from Buñuel. Want to see this!!!
LOVE this film!

1. It's Bunuel at his best.
2. It's kinky.
3. Catherine Deneuve.
Good editing
432729 674 72 0 30
Those are our three reasons. What are yours?



More info: http://www.criterion.com/films/27949-belle-de-jour
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::70
Roseann Barr was lookin' really good to me in this movie...
Smoke was much better than that film. According to Siskel and Ebert.
99357 141 28 0 9
Starring: Harvey Keitel, Lou Reed, and Michael J. Fox
Blue in the Face (1995) Official Trailer 1 - Harvey Keitel Movie

Wayne Wang's follow-up movie to Smoke presents a series of improvisational situations strung together to form a pastiche of Brooklyn's diverse ethnicity, offbeat humor, and essential humanity. Many of the same characters inhabiting Auggie Wren's Brooklyn Cigar Store in Smoke return here to expound on their philosophy of smoking, relationships, baseball, New York, and Belgian Waffles. Most of all, this is a movie about living life, off-the-cuff.

Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
We're on SNAPCHAT: http://bit.ly/2cOzfcy
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT1M26S
hd
MovieID::::71
Classic movie.
Love John Candy but South Park did this better
Is this real or fake?
dr. strangelove  remake takeoff with canadian's not ruskies
#ScottWalker
We hhqve ways of making you pronounce the letter O. ....lol too funny eh?
Canadians are cool, but their beer still sucks!
John candy'a last movie
Awesome movie!
This has nothing to do with Canada.  This has to do with the United States and how they can manipulate the sheeple that live here into believing whatever the hell they want.  Surely you can see that.  Look at the country now.  We have Howdy Doody for president and his cast of characters.  Who else would give Russia a full ride over their country.  If anything Canada should feel sorry for the United State's citizens.  We will all be eating dog food soon at the local government centers.  Ugh
Ok, back to England I go!
the only good thing Michael Moore ever made.
i also recommend slings & arrows and republic of doyle.
Michael moore cameo??
Even though I live in South Texas, I grew up with Canadian tv shows. Today's Special, Sharon, Lois, and Bram, and Fred Penner's Place. And recently, Corner Gas.
LMFAO im so getting a copy of this asap :)
I watched this movie once and I am offended by it. It's tipical or a American movie maker to make a movie about Canada just to insult us like we are a bunch of morons living up here in the North.
Blame canada!
This looks epic!!!
What are ya tolkin Aboot ??
by the way I dont know any canadians who pronounce about, aboot.
John Candy is canadian you idiots who cares about this movie its funny. I'm canadian too
I don't think anyone should be offended about this. Canadians take a lot of cheap shots in hollywood movies, this one sorta makes light of both sides
I'm the guy riding on the roof of the pickup truck,it was a blast doing that movie.

"We have ways of making you pronounce the letter O"
Damn straight!
Canadian bacon eh
ps happy belated birthday.
Now it is clearly obvious that John Candy, a Canadian, was trying to tell the Canadian maltsters make better beer.
"Sir, you can't end your sentence with a preposition."
Probably one of the best scenes in the whole movie... No wait...
"You don't always get a second chance!" (LEAP)
No wait...
"Its our good friend, Roy Boy... JUMP! JUMP!-"
"No! No! He's wearing my good hat!"
I am American and I approve this message: Canadian Bacon is awesome!... It also tastes great on pizza!
I can see why Americans don't like it, but as a Canadian I loved it.
and their steriotypical war-mongoring
SURRENDER PRONTO OR WE"LL LEVEL TORONTO!
Lol i loved this film and I'm Canadian!
I'm Canadian and I can pronounce the letter "O"

don't believe me? I'll post a video of me singing the anthem
"I'm Canadian and I'm not offended." Of course you aren't, why should you be? Have you seen the movie? It's a parody of the U.S.
This movie is horrible, Moore's only non-documentary is a misfire, a diffuse, unfunny political satire that only John Candy's most avid fans might enjoy.
It's sliced ham, it shouldn't even be called bacon, I didn't even watch the vid anyway, so forgive me.
The most absolutely timeless scene in this movie is when John Candy's sitting at the bar with Roy Boy & Kabral & he see's them play an amateur video of Honey after she was captured by the Canadian Royal Mounted Police. & he says "There's a time to THINK, & there's a time to ACT. THIS, Gentlemen...IS NO TIME TO THINK!!! No we're going to have one more round...& then we'll go.Chester - Another Round!!!"
@thegmanator it was not his last movie...	he died while filming Wagons East! Canadain Bacon was just released after his death...
I love how John Candy was a Canadian. Hilarious!!!
John Candy's last movie...RIP
lmfao the metric system
oh gosh, i love this movie!
"I don't know what you're talking abuut."
"We've got ways to make you pronounce the letter 'O'." XD
I've seen this, I'm Canadian and I thought it was funny.
At face value, this mocks Canada big time, but really it's making fun of the American perception of Canada. It's like the Borat movie. Sure, he's ignorant, but he's got an excuse and he's kind about it.
@Counterbrilliance What the fuck are you talking about? I don't know a single person who takes offence to being called a Canuck. If it were an offensive term, do you think we'd have a hockey team called the Canucks? Good lord, please don't ever speak for other Canadians ever again.
President Hawkeye???
@Counterbrilliance no it isnt! well it depents from you are im from ontario and canuck isnt that harsh at all here
@11strelokfan1000 most likely, even though they clearly are making fun of both sides, I could count the amount of compliments thrown Canada's way and insults thrown at ourselves
@11strelokfan1000 because movie reviewers are idiots who really don't get things

Many Canucks think this movie is hilarious...in part because Alan Alda and John Candy are both Canadian and they're the two main (American) characters. There's the inside jokes. I won't even read the comments below; it's a *comedy*, folks. The end.
@117rebel Yupp

arent all the main actors in this movie canadian?
Just watched this movie...laughed alittle too much. Need to watch this with a real canuk and see if we laugh at the same lines
Lol.  The stripes theme starts playing at 0:23.
@ThatOneRandomGuy194 Offended? it makes Canada look Good lmao.XD hahahah
Canadian bacon is just glorified ham.
@patthespark yea i am drunk ...... ?
@patthespark you need to actually look at your self and say to your self what i am seeing on these websites that are clearly stupid , i mean if 1million Canadian's were protesting against our government for being fake then yea sure i would believe this , but there isnt , you have a iris guy on video with only 15 views saying Canada is a fake government and why the queen left , lets be serious , you believe this because you find it interesting, i mean its Canada and usa not north and south korea
@patthespark and good luck with usa invading Canada , if this happens almost all of the countrys are behind Canada , i mean who has the water , oil , tress , and food industry Canada , country's would die for so why not trade with Canada instead of invading us , makes scene ? war cost money , trade cost money but at the end both country s are better with trade ...and dont be jealoius just because my country can affored a great life style , unlike your country
its called the Canadian dream now <3
@patthespark america is a shit hole of a country, your economy is failing, and by the looks of it your country will be no different from a 3rd world country in a couple of years. Americans can invade Canada but they wont. i mean common do you really believe your army will invade us? this is a joke  , and yes american has a bigger army , but at least here in CANADA we dont have plans crashing in our buildings. and the world actually loves Canada ,you guys should be worried about iran or russia ,
RIP John candy!
as a Canadian, I actually loved this movie... because it more or less bashes both sides of the border.
and really shows the "who's better: Canada or the USA" argument for what it is.
....really fucking pointless
"these canadians suffer from a serious inferiority complex... that's why they build this (CN tower)"  lol every canadian has it                lol so true
0:59 and  1:13 - my favourite scenes! Haha!
As a Canadian, I might have been offended by this, but its so stinking funny!
OMG not the Metric System! Canadian Conspiracies. Is this really a Michael Moore film? Wow.
"we got ways of making you pronounce the letter "O""lol
Hey, a couple of bits with Michael Moore in there aren't in the finished film!
118016 214 8 0 77
Canadian Bacon :

"Surrender pronto, or we'll level Toronto!" Writer/director Michael Moore (Roger and Me) serves up a "delightfully ludicrous" (Sight and Sound) political send-up brimming with madcap hilarity and side-splitting slapstick! Starring legendary funnyman John Candy, as well as Rhea Perlman, Alan Alda, Kevin Pollak, Rip Torn and Steven Wright, Canadian Bacon is one "funny, acidic satire" (Variety)! Faced with sagging approval ratings and disgruntled arms manufacturers, the U.S. President (Alda) decides to cook up a new Cold War with Canada! And after a flood ofmedia propaganda, Americans waste no time in "patriotically" burning their ice skates and swearing off maple syrup. But when bumbling U.S. sheriff Boomer (Candy) and his hair-trigger deputy Honey (Perlman) decide to take matters into their own hands and lead a preemptive strike, they soon find themselves embroiled in a hilarious international incident that's too close for comfort, eh!







http://www.amazon.com/Canadian-Bacon-Alan-Alda/dp/B000059TG8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=dvd&qid=1239444325&sr=8-1
PT2M3S
sd
MovieID::::72
1:11/2:26  The destroyed Airplane from Jurassic Park III on ISLA SORNA.
book was 10 million times better, but I love this campy piece of crap
What is the name of the song Dylan Walsh sings to Amy then the whole crew starts singing so she could go to sleep before they got on the river
You know I remember seen summer movies in 1995 I seen Congo Mighty Morphin power rangers the movie Batman Forever Waterworld Judge dredd & Toy story!
STOP EATING MY SESAME CAKE!!!
This movie was a huge pile of shit. Why the hell did the filmmakers feel the need to change so much of the novel? What a bunch of arrogant assholes to think they could tell the story better than Crichton.

Tim Curry's accent was ridiculous, btw.
I thought Congo was okay. The book is way better. Right now I'm reading THE ICE GORILLA, an action adventure book similar to Congo in many ways.
The Green Mile does a pretty good job
I remember the merchandising and publicity for this movie REALLY well. They were pushing it HARD but it never ignited the kind of interest Jurassic Park did. I was eight years old, but curiously, never asked my parents to take me to see it. As for 'Jurassic Park', I was six when it came out & my parents thought it was way too scary so wouldn't let me watch it. I finally saw it when I was eight or nine and LOVED it! "Congo" looks like a cheesy rip-off though...a bad adaptation of Crichton's book.
If reading means having good taste, then I must be a chef :-P
$50M budget but made $152M worldwide... the book fans can shut up. This is a good movie as is. In fact, it's better... movie -> date opportunity, book -> the book _is_ your date. No one cares about what you think about how the book compares to the movie. Everything has its place.
fuck you congo!

stop eating my sesame cake
This movie scared me as much as Alien and Jurassic Park :)
Who's Kafka?  Tell me!
@Draknfyre I was alot younger when i first saw this movie and i found it exciting :). Havent read the book but i quess i can understand your point. Can you explain what are say.... 5 most significant changes between movie and the book?
@FreonRose In the book they make tools and weapons to kill intruders. they also come up with strategic ways to get around the electric fences into the peoples' camp
There is a updated cover of Congo on DVD but I am not going to tell you where it is.
are those the same villagers chanting that were in the fall?

they look really familiar... hmmm...
@EddieWyatt1

OMG me too!!!
@Draknfyre I know what they were trying to say but it comes off corny. That diamond was the size of a baseball she could have retired off that. What about all those people that just died, that money could have went to their families. But like I say, I like it, I can always watch it. I'm sure the book was very good but the movie was bad. Heres another thing that gets me, How is Ernie Hudson supposed to be a safari guy with that neat processed perm hairstyle. But he's my fav character in the movie
I really like this horrible movie. Its just bad but I watch it at least once a year...and i know it sucks. The horrible Amy the Gorilla costume or the plot lines that make no sense. Like how come every plane in the movie gets shot down  but they get away in a hot air balloon. Or she throws away a huge diamond to spite her enemy when shoe could have took it to his competition and ran him out of business. but I love this movie none the less
this is one amazing film!<3
XD i like how people are getting technical about this
This movie was famous for being filmed mostly in the studio lot. Yes, including the jungle.

It's a HORRIBLE, horrible movie, but I've always had a soft spot for it for some reason. Call it a fetish. :P

Great Jerry Goldsmith score, by the way.
I just read the book. Is the movie worth watching?
"Some for fortuoooone". Great over the top-narrator!
This trailer is fucking BADASS!
@thcman4 HAVE SOME....STOP EATING MY SESAME CAKE
someone give me the narrator a glass of water
"What's your name?"



"Claude."



"Claude? Wow, that's an unusual name for somebody from, um... where you from?"



"Mombasa."



"Mombasa? Wow, that's an unusual name for somebody from Mombasa."



"Have you ever been to Mombasa?"






"Then what do you know about it?"



"I wanna go home." :(
@Draknfyre Haha! No way, I love that guy! Ima have to watch this now :P

+ for the ever classic 'Stop eating my sesame cake!'
Is that Bruce Campbell? :D
STOP EATING MY SESAME CAKE!!!
smart raptors
Mr. Halmolka? Stop eating my sesame cake.
ROGER EBERT THOUGHT THIS WAS A COMEDY!



now thats bad!
bruce campbell 1:31 and 1:35
I agree, CGI can ruin a movie thru over use, cough(indianajones4)cough, but it can also make a good film even better, allah Lord Of The Rings. even though I have to admit that I like practical effect much better than CGI because it's much more inventive.
NEXT NOSTALGIA CRITIC!!!!!!!!
CGI isn't to blame, the over use of CGI is to blame.  I enjoy good special effects, animatronic and CGI alike,  but it annoys me when film makers go over board.
Trailer still scares the shit out of me espeacily the loud sounds in the begining creepy
this movie made twice its budget
fucking awesome movie
This movie is a major disappointment for Crichton fans (a lot like the other adaptations of his books).  Worst part of the movie was the lava.  The book actually makes it a point to say the lava is not the real problem.  It moves too slow to be any danger to you.  The real danger is the smoke, ash, and debris.  But lava that chases you seemed more theatrically fun.
I think this movie was very underrated. 1995 was the year of my favorite movies - Copycat, The Net, Congo,  Braveheart, GoldenEye, Money Train, Dangerous Minds...
Congo is awesome movie!
Awful movie on most levels, yet, there is something about it I can't help but like.
Agreed I said that too..it needs to be more intense
How old is this movie?
oh so that's the name of the movie, this movie use to freak me out when I was a kid
"I am your great, white guide....even though I happen to be black." one of my favorite lines. This trailer really misrepresents the movie and the movie isnt a real good interpretation of the book. Yet, for some reason, I like this movie. Good to know at least one other person does too :P
231433 161 15 0 53
Theatrical trailer for Congo, from the DVD. Yes, I know the audio is slightly out of sync, I can't get it to sync exactly.
PT2M27S
sd
MovieID::::73
My baby fault cuz she ain't want nobody but me, everybody plays the fool sometimes no exception to the rule
Love mouse ..denzel is so good.
Underrated Flick! Denzel performance is Strong in this one!
A great movie that is just so underrated.
Who did the voice-over for the trailer? Trying to figure out. Don Fontaine or someone else?
24246 47 4 0 6
Devil In A Blue Dress Trailer 1995
Director: Carl Franklin
Starring: Denzel Washington, Don Cheadle, Jennifer Beals, Maury Chaykin, Tom Sizemore,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Set in 1940's Los Angeles. A reluctant private eye, hired to look for a mysterious woman, finds himself the target of a corrupt politician. Elegant period piece.

Movie, Devil In A Blue Dress Movie,Devil In A Blue Dress Trailer,Devil In A Blue Dress 1995, Carl Franklin,Denzel Washington, Don Cheadle, Jennifer Beals, Maury Chaykin, Tom Sizemore,
PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::74
Love this trailer
12251 48 0 0 3
Also known as "Die Hard 3"

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112864/
PT1M8S
hd
MovieID::::75
I don’t think u ever saw the free willy sequels
Fuck Oil tankers Use solar and wind power. N00bs
1:51 is that say 1994 or 1995 , i mean this trailer was released in december? i think so.
Wow I haven't even seen the movie yet and I'm already underwhelmed
i so happy PART 2222
these movies meant so much to me
Its a beauitful
Yo ya vi todas las peliculas y llore de la emocion
The second one has always been my favorite! Plus, I loved Elvis lol he was hilarious :P
I'm will cry if i watching this movie
it always makes me sad when i look a free willy
Red lobster commercial before this what gives
it's my favorite one of the series. I love them all, but in this one, willy is free,and with his family and jessie found his place and is okay with his life and his family too. and they're still bound after all these years. they're still friends. also randolph finally has a job he loves. and the nature is so beautiful! I love this movie
Loved all the movies growing up, I grew very fond over all marine mammals. I'm 19 years old and I still love watching these movies just for the love of orcas and the ocean. It's inspired me to pursue a career in marine biology and conservation. It is a dream of mine to encounter an orca up close.
I love this movie!! <3
willllly my wily
Free Willy is GAY.
It's my favourite movie out of 1,2 and 3
There are lines that are in the trailer that aren't in the movie… anyone know why?
orcas are the bad ass of the ocean
Georgina Gutierrez
I never knew there was a second one. I only thought there was that crappy reboot they made a few years ago.
The ending is the best u know willy will never leave him I mean wow
me to I first watched this when I was 5 in 2009 I cried and I wore out that VHS we bought a backup vhs and the necklace from the second movie but they butchered the fourth one in 2010 three was okay but I like 1 and 2
This is my personal favorite in the series, the first one being a close second, the third is also pretty good, but I wasn't a big fan of the forth one.
I forgot i was in this movie
esse filme marcou a minha infância na 1° versão da sessão da tarde
Free Willy 2 is better than the first Free Willy
Super trailer
Free willy series are fre willy 1,2,3 and,4
adorei esse filme genti free willy e meu filme preferido agora
What the heck does Randall call Willy's mother??
i love this kind of movie all natures my favorites the most
This movie sucked so bad. The first one if great
This movie is what caused me to hate oil spills
1:02 - 1:08 - Jesse never said those lines in the movie...
20 people are straight foward tossers.
Whos the random little boy?
Syndicate brought me here
who watching can be feeling
when i see free willy 2 the final section, a Jason James Richter save to 1 friend and 1 sister, I was very sad, and tears to fight Jason James Richter, and finally Jason James Richter in hilikopter help and it did not work but the sister and successful and best friend Jason James Richter fell into the water and the whale (WIILY) Rescuing Jason James Richter, the conclusion is that the importance of friends helping each other
when i see free willy 2 the final section, a Jason James Richter save to 1 friend and 1 sister, I was very sad, and tears to fight Jason James Richter, and finally Jason James Richter in hilikopter help and it did not work but the sister and successful and best friend Jason James Richter fell into the water and the whale (WIILY) Rescuing Jason James Richter, the conclusion is that the importance of friends helping each other
free willy try again aired the free willy 3. exclamation please airing back please
free willy try again aired the free willy 3. exclamation please airing back please
All 3 originals were great, Jason James Richter was perfectly cast for this role. And it's a beautiful story, I can watch each movie thousands of times and still enjoy it just as much the next time I do. The fourth one is okay.. But these movies are what made me decide to open a marine mammal research center in the Caribbean when I have enough money put away. I want my job to be working with these magnificent creatures.
How ironic that a whale in captive has to act as a whale in captive who gets freed.
RED WHITE WILLIE det vent van troll 2 has a beard in his throat
Watched it again and its funny,sweet,and great movie. First one was great too. The third one was alright


como le entraba al que hacia de jesse (babaaaa)
make a 5 one pleas
Ah my childhood :D what great time !!!
I wiah willy was still here
I miss keiko
love this movie even if it's alittle cheesy
I would watch this movie 1000 times. Then 10 times more to just re-live all of those moments. I love this movie. 100% beautifle.
My all time favorite movie
I love this movie bro
porfavor pongan las 3 peliculas completas en español

776778 1571 107 0 103
mon trailer de mon vrais dvd
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::76
5073 24 0 0 0
Bande annonce américaine du film Love and Human Remains (De l'amour et des restes humains) de Denys Arcand réalisé en 1993.
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::77
I couldn’t make five minutes
The flannel shirt tied around the waist.  A fashion fad I'm happy that it died.
0:58 actually it's not a sailboat, it's an abstract image, consisting in various shapes arranged in horizontal lines, mainly intersecting circles.


Yes, the image still works through a low res video capture of a trailer for a movie where the picture is recorded from a distance, not framed properly, a bit shaky and not exactly in focus.
These pictures are awesome!
I actually kinda feel sorry for Willam (Ethan Suplee) when he's always trying to see the sailboat in the 3D painting (if you pause the movie in one certain scene you actually can see the sailboat)
An article about dead malls brought me here.
Does anyone know the song at 0:19? Seen this movie a million times an that's not in it or on the soundtrack.
Like (but you don't have to) if you're here because they've announced Mallrats 2
I remember thinking this movie was the COOLEST, hippest thing when I was 16, haha. It looks really ridiculous now. But I still love it. Esp. because Jason Lee is supremely beautiful. :P
16 people never saw the sailboat.
My Name Is Earl
90's Cult Classic... Snoochie Boochies !!!
Mallrats > Clerks
This trailer is fucking terrible.
ye dood, its definitly not a damn sail boat lol ahha i was suprized when i paused it to find that its stars-circle's and three sphere's at the bottem. why did they say sailboad?
Stan Lee brought me here!!
Kevin was one of the best directors, ever!
I loved this movie, so funny!!!

Sadly ahead of its time. Had it been released in the era of superhero movies and R-rated comedies like The Hangover and Superbad, it would have been a hit.

As silly as it may seem, this movie made me want to be a screenwriter and about 10 years later, I'm an NYU Tisch grad. Thanks, Kev. =)
Omg the Eden Prairie mall looks so different now!!
jason lee was fucking HOT!... Earl and Randy!!!!
i paused at 0:58 to see the sail boat, its not a sail boat
Joey Lauren Adams is fucking hot. I loved watching her in Mall Rat's and Chasing Amy.
LOL EARL AND RANDY. XD
must be Brodie's wall clock
OMG RANDY AND EARL ARE IN THIS MOVIE!!!!! i shall watch this for that reason alone.
I love this movie too!
Earl from My name is earl:D
there is no SAILBOAT
break. com/index/ the-truth-about-the-mallrats-magic-eye-illusion-2312854
Where is the boat? :D
Great collection of characters.
Seriously what is the song at the beggining
@JMAN19851 That is possibly the gayest thing i have ever read on youtube. What an Achievement!
"What else did you expect from the director of 'Clerks'?" Well at least the narrator knows its crap!!
damn that blond chick that speaks like a munchkin is fucking annoying as fuck
@JMAN19851 kayyy......
hey, does anybody know where i could get that jacket Brodie is wearing? thanks.
Brodie was the main character in this movie? Mind blow.

@JMAN19851 You sir, are a huge faggot.
Gwen is so hot
i was a real life mallrat there was ten of us we all would hang out at opry mills it was bad ass untill this other group came & stole from hottopic see me & my crew was all Goth now i don't care what the name is of that mall me & my crew owned that mall if mall cops were looking for us well we all had our own hide out spot's
0:58 its just a bunch of shapes!
0:58 I cannot see the sail boat!
Snooochie boochies brodie!
@Jakeakdreday clerks was brilliant dude, you probably just didn't understand it
@Jakeakdreday nah,clerks is wayyy better
SNOCKIE SNOCKIE
Snoochie Boochies!

@ttarkus I hope you  get a facefucked and throathraped by a bunch of catholic priests you worthless piece of finnish shit.
@Magnum3000 because Brody is the main character
all the shit he been trew now he got the chipmunks with him lol
Meilleur film de tous les temps <3 !
Pickle Fucker Earl! :D i love this guy! :D
@bigsleep32 Me thinks someone is a tad jealous ;)
That is Jason Lee aka Earl  LOL
why does the trailer make Brody out to be the main character when it was TS?
thumbs up if you paused the video at :59 to try and see if you could see the hidden image.
0:21 is probably my favourite scene in a movie. ever! i loved this film as a kid! :) x
@noorylee I always thought Jason Lee was sexy in My Name is Earl so I watched this video to see what he looked like back then and I cant believe he was in even hotter back then! I love him!
@bigsleep32  That is why critics were dissapointed with this one. Clerks was much better and Kevin Smith did clean up his act alot bit after this.
this is wrong

his name is willem
@MyDeemer  yea it says your a smart ass
@neoscard   well then that's sad
@1INKSAGE that makes two of us.

Rasing hope brought me here.]

and yet here you are, 16 years later talking about it....i think that says something
Who is Kevin Smith trying to appeal to in this movie?  This man is the antidote of funny.  Living in his little comic book fantasy land. Does he think the whole world cares about comic books?  Could you imagine if you took all of Kevin Smiths true fans and had them fight a real war?  Not World Of War Craft but a real war.  Anyone who thinks this guy is clever needs a lobotomy and a pair of balls.  Could you imagine Robert Deniro watching this garbage or any man with balls for that matter?
0:00 - 0:16 Knock off of Primus' song Year of the parrot

1:44 - 1:55 Knock off of Primus' song John the Fisherman

hillarious
I was an extra in the movie.We were in the scene in the flea market.It was pretty cool.
@louiecostello well it is a kevin smith movie so the trailer had to be heavily edited because of all the cussing and what not lol.
HAHA this movie is so 90s I miss it
guys at my school kept sarcasticly saying mallrats sucked even though i'm sure they never even saw it, they were just being stupid, but if they meant it i should stink palm them.
" THERE IS NO EASTER BUNNY!!!!!"

True that
thums up if youre dumb and didnt see the sailboat
what song is playing at 1:07?????? TELL ME!!!!!
FLY FATASS FLY!!!!!!!!
4 persons didn't see the sailboat.
yeah i saw the sailboat!
Ethan Suplee is the man!!
best. movie. ever.
4 people couldn't see the sailboat
THERE IS NO EASTER BUNNY!!!
i love this movie but i hate the back stroy see the movie company did not want jason mewes to be jay wtf
Rene is too fucking hot!
@countblah31  he said batass as in hes fat and he is in a batman costume
shit film for idiots..
hey its Chronic and Bluntman
Ohhhh , I can´t see the sail boat  xD

So I supposed to be stupid :P
this is the best trailer for a kevin smith film
JAY & SILENT BOB FTW !!!!
and FLY FATASS FLY
bye bye easter bunny

there is no easter bunny!

jay and silent bob beat up the fake easter bunny
HAHAHAHAH 1:51
THIS  FKIN MOVIE MAKES ME SO HAPPY
@CoCoSkol well fuck you then  if you wanna see a "terrible" movie go see scott pilgram vs the World, Mallrats is the greatest Kevin Smith Movie Ever!!!!
I can't see the sailboat either
@eagledynasty81 And here I thought I was the only one who thought that... :P
306373 634 27 0 139
Trailer for the movie "Mallrats"
PT2M18S
sd
MovieID::::78
masterful trailer
5204 15 1 0 2
Mute Witness Trailer 1995
Director: Anthony Waller
Starring: Evan Richards, Marina Sudina, Fay Ripley, Marina Zudina, Oleg Yankovsky, Igor Volkov

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A mute American filmmaker working in Moscow finds herself in the wrong place at the wrong time and becomes the target of killers who want to silence her forever.

Movie, Mute Witness Movie,Mute Witness Trailer,Mute Witness 1995, Anthony Waller,Evan Richards, Marina Sudina, Fay Ripley, Marina Zudina, Oleg Yankovsky, Igor Volkov
PT1M2S
sd
MovieID::::79
Que ganas de ver la pelicula
2609 13 0 0 1
Nadja Trailer 1995
Director: Michael Almereyda
Starring: Martin Donovan, Peter Fonda, Suzy Amis, Elina Lowensohn, Galaxy Craze,

Official Content From Echo Bridge Home Entertainment

Twin brother and sister vampires hide out in New York to elude a vampire hunter who killed their father and is now after them.

Movie, Nadja Movie,Nadja Trailer,Nadja 1995, Michael Almereyda,Martin Donovan, Peter Fonda, Suzy Amis, Elina Lowensohn, Galaxy Craze,
PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::80
RIP Robin Williams I laughed at this movie so hard and remember you so clearly in it.
my favorite of all of Robin William's roles…. RIP
RIP Dr. Kosevich.
never get a kid
I hate him, Bridget Jones hates him and his prostitute, HIV.
Ahh..Hugh Grant!!!!!
He's still perfect.
He kinda has a unibrow in this. Awksss
ooh, this movie looks SO good!
That's why you shouldn't quit your day job.
Does anyone know what song Julianne Moore is dancing on about 1:15" ?

Perhaps the number of weeks in gestation.
der film is so cool :D
she was counting the number of days her menstrual cycle is, her cycle must be 28 days as she is ten days late, therefore thats what the 38 is indicating
This movie was so damn funny
Yep that's why women have the baby and not men hahaha
One of my favorite movies :)
Julianne Moore <3
just before rebecca (julianne moore) tells him she's pregnant, she's counting (32, 34, 38 etc). What did she mean by that?
he can really pull it off though
Anybody know where I can find the clip where she becomes a praying mantis?
THE BEST FROM AMERICA
FROM SERBIA WITH LOVE

That chick Julianne is hot!
@RUMELSKIN i do wonder what he was going to say...
Ah, Hugh Grant-movies. <3
"Right."
"Right?!"
".......What?"
CRASH.
my fav part is the last twenty mins
love that movie
That's why women have babies cause men can't handle the paaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah *pff*
4 words: Hugh Grant, Robin Williams :')
can anyone put this movie i on youtube?
HA ha I was an extra in this movie. My scene was cut out. i played a bike messenger who bumps into Hugh Grant on Haight Street as he is walking into ta store to meet Julian Moore. The scene took 7 hours to film and then they didn't even put it into the movie.
If you haven't seen this movie, watch it!  You'll laugh the whole way through.
the 2 guys when she shouts MAAARRRTTTYYY!

its like their the 2 guys from the flinstones XD
bcz men can't handle the *faints* rotfl
That is an ugly hairdo that Hugh Grant has.
This movie is so HILARIOUS. xD
the most hilarious movie i've ever seen
aahh!!! i love the way he goes 'well, i aim to please' GRR!!!!' :P AAH!! XD
Lol, I dont know how many times I have seen this movie but it still makes me laugh! But hey, is it just me, or are there a load of deleted scenes in this advert?
Hugh Grant has had SOOOO many haircuts, but this one is my favorite <3 lol
a baby is a piece of art, who completes your puzzle of life.
749187 971 45 0 43
Trailer for the movie Nine Months
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::81
The movie that made Parker Posey famous.
She's so beautiful
13966 59 2 0 2
Party Girl Trailer 1995
Director: Daisy Von Scherler Mayer
Starring: Parker Posey, Omar Townsend, Guillermo Diaz, Sasha von Scherler, Anthony de Sando,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A wild party girl has to choose between the club circuit, a new job and a new love. A 'tongue-in-chic' look at the high life.

Movie, Party Girl Movie,Party Girl Trailer,Party Girl 1995, Daisy Von Scherler Mayer,Parker Posey, Omar Townsend, Guillermo Diaz, Sasha von Scherler, Anthony de Sando,
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::82
needs more cowbell
a lot of stranger things is based on this
Mystery parts are appreciated but each film plot of the franchise aren't that captivating.
Watching Legion brought me here. Duncan and Keith reunited..i remember seeing this movie on the shelf at video store always and thinking its dumb. One day rent it out of boredom..it was actually good. The best one of all the franchise. May have to watch it again soon ..been over decade since last seen it.
I love Christoper Walken as Gabriel.  it's my all time favorite role of his. <3 <3 <3
Why did this randomly start playing when I was just watching reviews? Though I'm glad it did because this movie looks awesome!
From Disney.
Damn good movie, grew up around this movie so long never took interest until recently.
sstill one of the best!!
this movie is fiction
Highlander remade with angels. Same writer/director.
movie made in romania  lol
I always thought that Archangel Gabriel was a good angel and not a bad angel. But I think this movie is a cover up of real his identity.  Archangel Gabriel is a good angel. Because he made an announcement to the Virgin Mary. That she would conceive a son named Jesus Christ of Nazerath.
oh my god gabriels a bad guy again!!! damn it :(
Is that Elliot Stabler at 0.38? lol

i love you more than Jesus...
indeed...we shall send nigh endless armies of the undead upon them.  they will subdue (at my Command) and control the beating heart of YouTube AND VEVO...
0:26 i love this moment
Awesome movie, now I know where Kripke got his inspiration ;)
190393 250 6 0 25
Independent horror film that turned into a successful franchise featuring Christopher Walken.
PT1M11S
sd
MovieID::::83
Halp! Any pointers where I can find this for viewing? It looks like a bizarre delicacy.
https://www.facebook.com/recklessmovie1995/
One of the greatest movies of all time. Surrealistic--a universe unto itself--it is inimitable--a movie will never be made like this again--it was perfect in its place and time, an artifact of such an artificial and creative and fantastical era, the 90s.
3543 17 0 0 7
Reckless Trailer 1995
Director: Norman Rene
Starring: Mary-Louise Parker, Mia Farrow, Scott Glenn, Stephen Dorff, Tony Goldwyn, Eileen Brennan

Official Content From Hallmark Entertainment

On Christmas eve, a relentlessly cheerful woman escapes from the killers hired by her husband, and embarks on a series of strange encounters.

Movie, Reckless Movie,Reckless Trailer,Reckless 1995, Norman Rene,Mary-Louise Parker, Mia Farrow, Scott Glenn, Stephen Dorff, Tony Goldwyn, Eileen Brennan
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::84
geez this trailer made me think this movie was about aliens or something
An absolutely terrible and misleading trailer for a truly amazing film.
Just read a great analysis about this movie in a social psychology book. It captures perfectly what it feels like to crave a reality you haven't experienced yet - but deep inside know that it's realistically possible to reach as long as you are willing to revolutionize and change many aspects of your current life, leave your comfort zone and go pursuit what you long for. It's never easy but it *will be worth it!*
Deeply disturbing, visionary film.
lol Trailer makers had no idea how to sell this film, or seemed to understand what it was about
*greg and carol are a married couple*

*what did mike think of this*
Compared to the film the trailer is terrible.
Look  like a disturbing  movie...!
Julianne Moore should have won her Oscar 20 years ago
What's the scene with the guy in a mask wandering around outside?
Pretty awful how the trailer misrepresents the movie and makes it look like a Sci-Fi/Horror flick when it is a sort of compassionate satire of American suburbia.
Best movie of all time
One of my favourite films
This film is great...and uniquely Haynes. None of this comes across in the trailer, which is almost tongue and cheek in how actually "off the mark" it is.
One of the best and most disturbing movies I've seen in years. I highly recommend it.
great movie / great trailer
Very high praise among the comments here. I must admit, I'm not exactly reeled in by the trailer, but I'll give this a go soon.
it's out there...
Quite simply, a masterpiece. Where is Julianne Moore's Oscar?
i can't think of a worse trailer for this movie, which, incidentally is extraordinary
Explores white paranoia.
A moment  I recall from SAFE: at the end when she goes to the health retreat, she has a moment with the young man, and the viewer thinks there's an attraction or one's is going to make a pass at the other, but it doesn't happen. Do folks recall that moment too?
I saw this movie in the threatre and it blew my mind away. I was numb for days. It's very haunting and beautiful. This trailer is not necessarily the best representation of the movie. I think people will be tricked. Go out and find the movie. Thumbs up.
I've watched this film so many times I think it has to be my fave
Fuck Pulp Fiction. This is the most important and greatest film of the 90s.
Guess not too many people have seen this movie
136012 327 16 0 47
Theatrical Trailer
PT1M20S
sd
MovieID::::85
"It's my corner after all. Things take place there too - just like everywhere else."
- much wisdom in that
first (sorry)
46117 244 0 0 3
Starring: Harvey Keitel, Forest Whitaker, and Ashley Judd
Smoke (1995) Official Trailer 1 - Harvey Keitel Movie

A Brooklyn smoke shop is the center of neighborhood activity, and the stories of its customers.

Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
We're on SNAPCHAT: http://bit.ly/2cOzfcy
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT2M4S
hd
MovieID::::86
The music is from little women in the beginning of the trailer
who plays the blond woman that dennis quaid fooled around with in this film?
Sometimes I look back to the 90s and realize how backwards we still were. Her father literally tells his daughter, "Look I'm not saying he didn't do anything wrong, but he's a good father and a good provider and that's hard to find."
Like seriously. Back then it was like: If she cheated then she's a whore, but if he cheated well let's not overlook his other qualities.
Sometimes i get reminicent of the past and simpler times but back then a good wife stuck by her husband, no matter what damaging mistakes he willingly makes...over and over again.
Just how does one forgive a cheater. Once a cheater always a cheater. After the honeymoon getting-back-together gushiness wears off he will most likely continue those forbidden thoughts. Then he will tip-toe back into tempting situations.
64087 140 7 0 6
Something To Talk About Trailer 1995
Director: Lasse Hallstrom
Starring: Dennis Quaid, Gena Rowlands, Julia Roberts, Kyra Sedgwick, Robert Duvall,

Official Content From Warner Home Video

A timid young woman asserts herself and shocks her strait-laced family when she finds out her husband has been unfaithful.

Movie, Something To Talk About Movie,Something To Talk About Trailer,Something To Talk About 1995, Lasse Hallstrom,Dennis Quaid, Gena Rowlands, Julia Roberts, Kyra Sedgwick, Robert Duvall,
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::87
Hola como consigo eata pelicula para descargarla hace mucho tiempo la vi y quiero volverla a ver la vi por mgm me acuerdo
2105 6 0 0 1
The Stars Fell On Henrietta Trailer 1995
Director: James Keach
Starring: Aidan Quinn, Frances Fisher, Robert Duvall, Brian Dennehy, Lexi Randall,

Official Content From Warner Home Video

An optimistic oilman changes the lives of a Depression era farmer and his family when he convinces them there is oil under their land.

Movie, The Stars Fell On Henrietta Movie,The Stars Fell On Henrietta Trailer,The Stars Fell On Henrietta 1995, James Keach,Aidan Quinn, Frances Fisher, Robert Duvall, Brian Dennehy, Lexi Randall,
PT2M25S
sd
MovieID::::88
This scene just destroyed me.
Dreadful song, great movie. Under-rated hugely, majorly, bigly.
Yeah I agree, its a shame he never starred in much movies after this.
one of my favorite movies wish someone would post the whole movie
this posting is dedicated to Michael Jackson. since some hours his heart does not beat anymore.
8642 19 1 0 6
"You are my sunshine" in the US-Film Unstrung Heroes (1995) directed by Diane Keaton. The screenplay by Richard LaGravenese is based on an autobiographical novel by sportswriter Franz Lidz.



"You Are My Sunshine"

Written by Jimmie Davis and Charles Mitchell

Performed by Ray Charles

Courtesy of Ray Charles Enterprises, Inc.



You are my sunshine, my only sunshine

you make me happy when skies are grey

you'll never know dear how much I love you

please don't take my sunshine away



The other night dear as I lay sleeping

I dreamed I held you in my arms

when I awoke dear I was mistaken

and I held my head and cried



You are my sunshine, my only sunshine

you make me happy when skies are grey

you'll never know dear how much I love you

please don't take my sunshine away



You are my sunshine, my only sunshine

you make me happy when skies are grey

you'll never know dear how much I love you



Please don't take my sunshine away

Please don't take my sunshine away

Please don't take my sunshine away

Please don't take my sunshine away
PT3M26S
sd
MovieID::::89
What's so hard about being black? Just rob a store, sell crack and get hiring preference for a TSA job afterwards. If you ever get caught just scream racism at the top of your lungs. Want to get laid? Just rape a white woman and call her racist if she calls the police.


Remember white people, they're "equal" to you.
Where can I watch this online?  Not on YouTube, Netflix or Amazon Prime...WTF?  was it banned or what???
Jake Tapper why did you send me here.
Just finished watching it, I saw it like 20 years ago when I was living in Sweden, but didn't remember much of it. It is really good, a bit too cliche but very provocative and upsetting.
Never heard of this movie. it is written that the roles WILL reverse and Whites will be the Minorities. I hope we don't prove to be just as vile by doing to others what has been done to us. We must show our Divinity with fairness and compassion.
Lol, this was only made in '95 but seems so old.
Interesting. Role reversal.
Well, this film is accurate in one way that the Irish immigrants who came to this country deal with a lot of these struggles.
ahahahahahaha
Trailers in the 90s were god awful
This movie needs to be remade. and or updated.
Yeah, it is a cool idea, but a really difficult one to pull off right. Ive only seen the trailer, so I cant say if it fails or not, but it would be so damn tricky to pull this off.

The other problem with the whole "reverse the roles to educate about racism" thing is that there is a large contingent of white racists who actually believe the roles are reversed, and will probably take the movie in the extremely wrong way.
So this justifies black crime?
we need to end ideological nationalism..
This was actually a good movie
Girl, you sure told him!
ya know what? screw you screw the house u live in screw your friends screw your parents screw your glasses screw your face and screw your channel. go frikkin delete it
I never said I was giving facts, you just have to learn them.
you didn't give me any facts.
@bubblegum0monkeygurl

Have you even seen the movie?

It's a great movie for turning bigoted Caucasians like you into knowing what it is like to be an African American.

And let me get this straight, you looked up songs about sex and watched them all for "discussion"?

Don't complain about a "shitty movie", when it shows the truth about racism.

But then, the Catholics were against my proud race practicing religion in the first place, and many of the KKK were Catholic.

Learn your facts.
@bubblegum0monkeygurl

No, you're the one who sets back our race by calling yourself "monkeygurl", and posting videos on your channel about songs to have sex to, and you blame movies from the 90's about racism?

It's not white people who set back our race, it's the childish, sex and sin crazed teenagers like you who do.
Wrongful Termination!   = KARMA!   It will always comes back to the person who did the Firing!     John Trovolta did the right thing!  Black or White doesn't matter on the Race if it was a black guy who was Wrongfully Terminated then he has the right to prove he was Innocent,   Why do you think Innocent people goto Jail and Criminals are SET FREE!    look at OJ Simpson!  Killed His Wife in Cold Blood...HE WALKED!!!  Lacey Peterson unborn Child died Scott Peterson  got Death Penalty. Rest my Case
really?

i mean i get it, the whole "what if it were you?" thing, but by making black people the bad guys and the white guy the hero, it totally defeats the purpose. it just makes it seem like john travolta got stuck in some crazy alternate dimension and he has to set things right by destroying the happy successful black man.

just...wow. ok. wow.
@botticelligal

LOL! Yea tell that to the brown people constantly being bombed.
Trailer sounds so 80's
Interesting concept
@HappyHookerTV this world isn't free from racism--it's just that whites are the ones victimized. Just as flawed as our world today.
its a real movie.
haha. lol.who posted this? is this real?
40761 93 13 0 44

PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::90
I badly wanna buy this now, few whiskeys while I watch it yeehaw.
Adam Scott on Conan brought me here. This movie looks amazing.
Awesome trailer but the music did not fit one bit.
Heck of a cast for a movie I didn't know existed
Damn good movie I used to have it on VHS. I was just looking at YouTube movies and hoping I could buy it to rent and watch it on my TV! With no luck of course LOL
im related to wild bill
I'm Russian and I've never been to America but I really like the wild west! Wild Bill is my hero!
formula film
RIP John Hurt - I may be the only one but this is the movie i'll remember him for
Funny keith carradine was in this given the fact he played wild bill in deadwood
My opinion this is the best Western Movie ever!!!! Just as good as Tombstone!!!!!!!!
How come Martha "Calamity" Jane Cannary doesn't look like a man?
Good film, watch it.
Does wild bills encounter with John Wesley Hardin come out in the movie?


The trailer is way better than the movie. The twilight of once great Walter Hill.
I forgot to mention I was very dissapionted Jeff's character was not provided with accurate reproductions of Hickock's revolvers. They were blue with wooden grips, in the movie, NOT nickel with Ivory. An inexpensive copy with polymer white grips is available from a few different firearm manufacturers. The red sash & the nickel-plated revolvers made him stand out & intimidate the men around him, which is exactly what he wanted.
The film was OK, as far as it went, but they were stretchin the storyline like a rubberband. Too much speculation for me. I wonder why they didn't provide Jeff's character with the red waist sash he carried his nickel-plated, ivory handled '51 Navy's  in.....not all the time but at least part of the time. John J Dalesandro
127034 234 20 0 24
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Wild Bill Trailer - Directed by Walter Hill and starring Jeff Bridges, John Hurt, Keith Carradine, David Arquette, Bruce Dern. Biopic about famous gunslinger Wild Bill Hickock.

MGM - 1995
PT2M23S
sd
MovieID::::91
_You've obtained exactly what you deserve no less and certantly no more_
Great movie!
The great Albert inney
27073 46 2 0 3
The Browning Version movie clips: http://j.mp/1BcPqrt
BUY THE MOVIE: http://j.mp/JdVqrK
Don't miss the HOTTEST NEW TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u2y6pr

CLIP DESCRIPTION:
Taplow (Ben Silverstone) attempts to ask a favor of Mr. Crocker-Harris (Albert Finney), a spiteful headmaster on the verge of retirement.

FILM DESCRIPTION:
Forty-three years after the first screen treatment of Terence Rattigan's play about a teacher facing the end of his career, Albert Finney takes on the role of Mr. Crocker-Harris, the Latin teacher forced into early retirement by a heart condition. After teaching in a public school for twenty years, Crocker-Harris is being put out to pasture in a less stressful job teaching English to foreigners. Meanwhile, his home life is also falling apart: his wife (Greta Scacchi) is having an affair with the American chemistry teacher (Matthew Modine), who nevertheless admires Crocker-Harris for his dignity and decency. Through it all, Crocker-Harris hides his pain behind his stiff British reserve.

CREDITS:
TM & © Paramount (1994)
Cast: Albert Finney, Ben Silverstone
Director: Mike Figgis
Producers: Mimi Polk Gitlin, Ridley Scott, Olivia Stewart, Garth Thomas
Screenwriters: Terence Rattigan, Ronald Harwood

The MOVIECLIPS channel is the largest collection of licensed movie clips on the web. Here you will find unforgettable moments, scenes and lines from all your favorite films. Made by movie fans, for movie fans.

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MOVIE CHANNELS:
MOVIECLIPS: http://bit.ly/1u2yaWd
ComingSoon: http://bit.ly/1DVpgtR
Indie & Film Festivals: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Hero Central: http://bit.ly/1AMUZwv
Extras: http://bit.ly/1u431fr
Classic Trailers: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Pop-Up Trailers: http://bit.ly/1z7EtZR
Movie News: http://bit.ly/1C3Ncd2
Movie Games: http://bit.ly/1ygDV13
Fandango: http://bit.ly/1Bl79ye
Fandango FrontRunners: http://bit.ly/1CggQfC

HIT US UP:
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1y8M8ax
Twitter: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Pinterest: http://bit.ly/14wL9De
Tumblr: http://bit.ly/1vUwhH7
PT1M34S
hd
MovieID::::92
this trailer is the worst
I saw this film in Russian so I'm mystified by this American trailer. If one sees the original, it is not surprising that it had a big impact in Russia in it's perceived telling of the truth of the Russian revolution and its aftermath: that the "White Russian (monarchist)" element (including international links) was always there (hence, later, Stalin), and the 'reds' (known to the world mass-media as Marxist Soviets) were actually republicans that never truly won. What happens to the old 'red' hero at the end of the film reflects "that" as much as what the purges of the 1930s were really about. On a totally different level, Eric Rohmer's Triple Agent tells a 1930s story about the old red-white conflict that is far less melodramatic but is perhaps more realistic by not focusing "too much" on the question of personal suffering as part of the political scapegoat process.
What a crock of shit when it comes to producing a trailer. 'Burnt By The Sun' isn't some kind of romantic pastoral film that eulogises the life and loves of a Russian soldier. It's a Chekhovian domestic tragedy with at its heart the murderous political darkness of the Stalin era purges. Obviously whoever at Sony who decided to give this film a release into the American market either thought the prospective audience were idiots who couldn't cope with complex themes, or needed to be blatantly lied to.
This trailer makes it look much more feel good than it is... It's a great movie, mind you, but it's not too happy :P
It's Nikita Nihalkov from Russian haha what are you talking about?
@TheWitcherFanboy
cool story bro
@TheInimitableKaka Srsly, Gotta be the most misrepresentation-al trailer ever made.

51607 55 6 0 7
Burnt By The Sun (Russia) - 67th Academy Awards - Best Foreign Movie Winner [1995] - Trailer
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::93
ame esta peli :')
48506 76 13 0 1
No Copyright Infringement Intended.
PT2M19S
hd
MovieID::::94
"Sexual harassment is not about sex. It is about power". C. Alvarez. Disclosure.
Beautiful city of Seattle, in an exciting time for tech...the mid 90's. presented quitely, while mystifying.
Demi Moore is a hot MILF!!
"Assédio sexual". Ótimo filme para ser visto por alunos de Direito, comparando-o com o livro "Segredo de justiça", de Gabriel Lacerda ( Rio de Janeiro: Lacerda Editores, 2000). Objetivo: refletir sobre o tema assédio sexual.
Filme ruim, trama atual e boa mal aproveitada, exagero naquela "cena",e o desempenho pífio de Michael e Demi! Chatoo...
I agree! I loved this movie too & I had a lot of fun at this time in my life when I was 15. The good ole days!! Gotta love it!
U SICK FUCK!! I take it it's how YOU spend YOUR LIFE? Gee thanks for telling it all over the place here, shows what class you lack & how sickly immature you really are!
the fugitive music
SHE SUCKS COCK IN THIS MOVIE
Demi moore is a hot slut
" Look for it on videocassette.......hahaha
@BrokenMummy

I had a text based account that cost me 15CDN for the first year. I used a terminal emulation programme on a DOS machine to log in to a Unix shell account at a freenet ISP.  Computer graphics were just not that impressive in those days. The technical achievement was impressive but it just didn't look good. I resisted Windows till 2002, when I got a machine with WinME. I just couldn't find enough internet pages that still had ASCII text. Now I'm using Linux (Pardus).
OK, this movie put some ideas from Basic Instinct and Body of Evidence but I still love it - interesting/intriguing story line and great acting. Michael Douglas, Demi Moore and Roma Maffia were brilliant
this is a very special movie for me even though it was badly criticized
Definately She looked the best in this film
470129 92 20 0 22
http://filmtipps24.tv

A computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully, which threatens both his career and his personal life
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::95
They used to do a lot of outside activities before we've invented memes
In a world......
A Point Break knock-off (with Busey as the bad guy!), uneven tone and a very underwhelming ending. And I still couldn't keep myself from going out and watching it on a Sunday afternoon. What is it about action movies from back in the day?
One of Wesley Snipes Top 5 movies IMO! I alwayz thought skydiving looked fun I jus never had the guts to actually do it myself. But this movie did make me imagine a bit.
yeah man! It's weekend and I'm drunk I just thought of browsing some movies that I saw when I was young, feels good man!
Yeah, I agree. I wish she was in it a little more.

Yes, she is.
I know. Sometimes critics can stick it up their butts. This movie is awsome.
This came out a couple of years after point break. And it wasn't highly marketed and there weren't as many theaters showing it. That's why it didn't make money. Poor marketing/advertising and not enough showings. Plus it came out around the same time as a lowdown dirty shame.
Wesley Snipes was badass in this movie.
Adrenalin Ltd.
2 million dollars in money...what was there not enough potatoes?
@rprince418 PROVE IT,OR I WILL STICK YOUR HAND IN HOT BOILING WATER TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE.
@levelat350 I HAVE!!!!
Yea it was a good one,
They don't make movies like this anymore. Nowadays every big movie is either a sequel/remake or about superheroes.

Also, it's quite ironic that this trailer didn't feature the actual music from Drop Zone when it's been used in about a hundred other movie trailers.
@grayeyezguy Heh, you should do some research yourself.  They did as much skydiving as they did surfing in Point Break.  Like I said they were adrenaline junkies, regardless of the sport.
NOBODY HAS SEEN DROP ZONE!!!
PHOENIX!!!!!!!!!!
Didn't this come out the same time as Point Break.  I think they got creamed at the box office.  Point Break was the better movie for sure.  This movie portrayed sky divers as adrenaline junkies, while Point Break portrayed adrenaline junkies as skydivers.
I really liked the credits of this movie, you know where you see Yancy Butler's silhouette flying through the air? I thought that was beautifully executed, haha.
I saw this movie when it was in the theater, and I thought it was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SWOOOOOOOOP!
Freefly scenes are only thing making it bareable in todays standards.
yes it appeared in Canada, watched it many times.
I grew up on this movie, it was amazing, I loved it
NOSTALGIA RUSH
I watched this movie even before I was a skydiver, and I'm now a skydiver, and all I thought about it before has been confirmed: it is utter shit, garbage, puke, trash, crapola. But I want to watch it again for the skydive scenes. The ones with Snipes are blue-screened all the way (and laughable) but there are some freefly scenes that look fun.

Snipes is an asshole, by the way. Tax evading piece of shit. What ever happened to "redistribute the wealth"?! I guess he's no Obama fan.
super movie.Hello from Poland.
she's the bad girl. there's good shots of her 13 seconds in and at 1:31.
love this movie
Claire Stansfield was the reason why I loved this movie. She's such a hottie!
Need more Weslep Snipes.
Gary Busey the best actor hello from POland
I'm surprised to realize that the main writer for High School Musical was involved with the Wesley Snipes action thriller, Drop Zone.
Gary Busey! He always plays a Whacko.
141274 66 9 0 38
The trailer for the movie Drop Zone
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::96
What a terrible trailer.
you all have to watch the English version, or should i say the spanglish version.  A mexican American Version called ***Tortilla Soup !!
Basically tortilla soup Asian version
good movie,horrible trailer
imo the second best Ang Lee movie after Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.

Attrocious trailer, though.
they never do.
This trailer really does the movie no justice.
181534 767 19 0 9
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Eat Drink Man Woman Trailer - Directed by Ang Lee and starring Sihung Lung, Winston Chao, Chao-jung Chen, Lester Chit-Man Chan, Yu Chen. The film tells the story of a retired and widowed Chinese master chef Chu (Si Hung Lung) and his family living in modern day Taipei, Taiwan. At the start of the film, he lives with his three attractive daughters, all of whom are unattached. As the film progresses, each of the daughters encounters new men in their lives. When these new relationships blossom, the stereotypes are broken and the living situation within the family changes.. The film features several scenes displaying the techniques and artistry of gourmet Chinese cooking. Since the family members have difficulty expressing their love for each other, the intricate preparation of banquet quality dishes for their Sunday dinners is the surrogate for their familial feelings.

MGM - 1994
PT1M23S
sd
MovieID::::97
11326 22 1 0 0
The Glass Shield (Trailer) 1994 / Ice Cube, Lori Petty, Michael Boatman & Elliott Gould (HD)

Directed by: Charles Burnett
Release dates: June 2, 1995
PT1M7S
hd
MovieID::::98
Classic and if you don't think so. YOU NEED HELP
Best. Sports. Movie. Ever.
I watch this atleast once a week, and still play ball right after...
a film that ABSOLUTELY belongs in a time capsule. CLASSIC.
My favorite film of all time, documentary or otherwise. Despite having seen Hoop Dreams countless times, every new viewing evokes the spectrum of visceral emotion from me - cheers of joy, tears of sorrow, deep reflection, great inspiration, etc. This film changed my life and continues to deeply affect me to this day. Many thanks to Criterion for producing an amazing DVD and Blu-ray of this monumental work of art. And much respect to the Gates and Agee families. God bless.
does anybody know that beat from the beginning of the video.
AMAZING. That's all.
SO heartbreaking, but so amazing
Totally getting it
This is the G.O.A.T. of documentaries.
Thanks for reposting!!
Possiby my favorite documentary
19236 176 2 0 16
Those are our Three Reasons. What are yours?

Out now on Blu-ray and DVD: http://www.criterion.com/films/906-hoop-dreams
PT1M57S
hd
MovieID::::99
what is that song?
Beau Weaver narrated this!
Ah '90s movies
what channel that is recorded?
He's also an asshole in Dodgeball
But he was a funny asshole.
Ben Stiller was an asshole in this movie, and he was an asshole in Happy Gilmore.
i'm sure the Nostalgia critic reviews this film with ben stiller in it!
love this movie
18338 29 2 0 10
A commercial for the movie, Heavyweights, which has Kenan Thompson in it.
Affordable Dental: Save up to 80%, $14.95 a month! Visit http://www.realdealdiscounts.com for more information!
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::100
It was a nice movie but it had a terrible introduction.
Man, remember when Meg Ryan was the hottest woman in the world?
This is one of my favorite Comedy/Romance movies from the 90's - great, romantic and very entertaining. Tim Robbins and Meg Ryan made a very beautiful screen couple. Walter Matthau was stunning as Albert Einstein. The whole cast did a great job. I miss the 90's so much!!!
from where can i download it from ?
einstien was a real life troll
I loved him in shawshank
Stephen Fry :D
i watched it today :D
When i see this movie i have 10 years old ...Now i have 21 and study physic...I wanna be like meg ryan...For this movie i am who i am...Thank!!!

Meg wonderful
solar movie.com
64929 59 7 0 12
info about the movie I.Q.
PT2M29S
sd
MovieID::::101
I remember this movie I have this movie 1995 good year I was ten
Spoiler alert:  Standard American English was not widely spoken in he UK in the 6th century.
I remember this movie was played multiple times in my elementary school classes. It’s really awkward looking back at it. Even a classroom full of eight year olds found the editing shitty. I remember how kids in my class brought up how fake it looked when the dude fell down the hole. Oh well, this movie is meh. I don’t hate it but I don’t like it either.
These 90s disney movies were awesome back in the day, and its so nostalgic when you hear that same damn narrator talk that talks in these trailers lol
Oh what a great movie from my childhood.
This trailer was seen on my VHS copy of The Big Green.
Remember when not everything was based on something? Yeah, things like this is why we stopped.
I love all disney's movies <3  :)))
that is why I hate American culture, because their culture is boring they piss on other cultures to make theirs seem good.
RIP Michael Gottlieb!
0:58 Kate Winslet! what was her character?
Nah dude, this was the original.
what! I thought there was only "A Kid In Aladdins Palace"
Wat. I used to watch this willingly as a kid I loved it
love love love thomas ian nicholas!!!!! love all of his movies...
the Nostalgia Critic brought me here!
It's Camelot! check your spelling!
that's right and this was before they were famous!
Daniel Craig and Kate Winslet

WHYYYYYY
is that katie from titanic
Daniel Craig was in this
the baseball diamond is in High Wycombe in the UK and is currently being used by the LYBL and Daws Hill spitfires
Call me crazy, I liked it. I just didn't care to see the sequel.
One night, I just wanted to watch something awful, for some reason, so I saw one HBO channel was airing this film and gave it a look.

To say this is an awful film is an understatement.  It's not even one of those "so bad it's good" films, it's just BAD.  The jokes are contrived, most of them consisting solely of modern references, it makes a MOCKERY of history to an unforgivable degree, and the special effects... I think nowadays an elementary school student could produce those.
For years I forgot about this movie.
Geez, what a sellout movie, especially when the announcer makes an obvious plug of Thomas Ian Nicholas' early baseball movie "Rookie of the Year." At least "Rookie ..." made more sense of a movie. It's just a good example of how Disney attempts to cling onto Fox.
Which is better? This or Unidentified Flying Oddballs?
''Wherever videos are sold'' because they weren't really too sure what it's called
I don't even like the narrator of this trailer ( that same voice that narrated thousands of Disney trailers,) that's a faggot's voice!
This movie is garbage and it earned a 0% rating on rotten tomatoes along with Superbabies: baby genuisses 2 and Fred the movie. Most 90s Disney live action films were shit!
To think the great Academy Award winning Kate Winslet was in it! ( Princess Sarah)
I used to watch this movie a lot when I was little and I'm only now learning that Kate Winslet and Daniel Craig were in this movie...
Why do they call it Mad Dog bubblegum?  Meanwhile king Arthur is foaming at the mouth.  I have no idea.  It is the great equalizer!  My to favorite parts in the movie.


i used to watch this all the time when i was little. omg<33333 loved it
...........gay
Omg!! I totally remember this movie!!
haha this title just came to my head yesterday so here i man watching this. I loved movies like this. cant beat the old movies anymore :)
lol this movie was made the year i was born!
ikr!  2day we were reading that yankee in connicecut story made me remember it
oh...my... GODDDD! i cannot believe i forgot all about this amazing movie! asdfghjkl;!!!!
really good kids movie.
it is pretty bad. the story is pathetic, the jokes are lame, and the action is laughable. but i like this movie. Its the stuff from the 90's that they don't make anymore. And it made me want to get teleported to middle ages during my baseball games.
I'm not biased here (never saw/knew 'bout this as a little kid), and I have to say that the movie looks pretty bad...
Is'nt there anyone out there who can upload this movie I mean come on most peolpe have seen the trailer now i want to see the actually movie
I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!
well.... just love to see Kate and Craig falls in love.... hehehe... anyway Bond's funny in this time.... teehe!
117098 136 10 0 48
Trailer for A Kid in King Arthur's court. A 90s disney kid movie.
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::102
The 1947 original was very good.
I think Caruso does better in movies than tv series anyway. He gets a bad rap for CSI, but he kicked ass in this movie and Jade. One trick pony? Sure, but he's entertaining. lol
@Halloffamer333 I think he is a good actor


@msinclair1991 well I love him & have roles for him in the near future
Cage and his family were actually good to David and his wife in the film. They tried to take care of his wife while he was in jail but his Cousin was a straight Cunt!
@belziebub Stanley Tucci. He usually plays an asshole in movies.
What meaning does the title bring to this story?
i love the guy who says the expression is like a jumbo shrimp
he hates red and i hate the color green- i seriously hate the color green
these guys are funny as heck-- thats like a jumbo shrimp
Is David Caruso the worst actor of all time?
@TheSmoothie101 you can order it from Amazon really cheap-purchase a prepaid credit card or those visa or mastercard gift cards and you can get it from Amazon real cheap
i have seen it tweece

looks like shit
Is this piece of shit a remake of that 40's movie I was searching for?
Junior was played by Nicholas Cage, one of his better roles, what happened to him... after that movie... heh
david was fuckin beautiful is this movie! i saw it like a week or so ago and loved it! david kicks so much ass!
Great movie!
Love the little Junior Brown charcter.
Anyone has seen any films with a similiar character?
86103 70 3 0 21
www.attiqmas.com
PT2M46S
sd
MovieID::::103
Someone included 1:10 - 1:12 in a fake "CIA MKULTRA mind control film".
hard film to watch.
3745 11 0 0 2
Ladybird Ladybird Trailer 1994
Director: Ken Looch
Starring: Crissy Rock, Vladimir Vega, Ray Winstone, Sandie Lavelle,  ,

Official Content From Hallmark Entertainment

A single mother fights bureaucracy and prejudice to keep her children when The Social Services Agency decides she is an unfit mother because of her relationship with an abusive lover. Won 1994 Berlin Film Festival International Critics Award!

Movie, Ladybird Ladybird Movie,Ladybird Ladybird Trailer,Ladybird Ladybird 1994, Ken Looch,Crissy Rock, Vladimir Vega, Ray Winstone, Sandie Lavelle,  ,
PT1M20S
sd
MovieID::::104
This trailer makes this movie sound like the BEST erotica EVER!
Miramax Films
HBO Pictures
Turner Pictures
Warner Music Group
My father has that movie!
17885 19 0 0 3
Teaser for Like Water for Chocolate (1992) captured from the Son in Law (1993) screener VHS tape. This tape is unlabeled and released in (1993).
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::105
My FAVORITE Christmas movie!  :-)
Funny Christmas movie watching this tonight
Oh I like grape jelly!
If you did NOT like this movie watch it a second time and it WILL become one of your favorites. you didn't get it the first time.
This may be the best dark Christmas comedy since The Ice Harvest with John Cusack
I wanna do it to u Catherine I wanna stick it in u right now
R.I.P Nora Ephron the Director and Madeline Kahn.
This movie has made me realize. I have a lot to be thankful for.  When I feel depressed and giving up.
I love this movie.
That's Sabretooth!
Schreiber seems in tune with the original, which can't be improved!
Rita Wilson is annoying AF. Terrible actress to boot.
Well, the French version is just so much funnier, I think the English language just automatically makes it fall flat.
You better see the french original : " Le Père Noël est une ordure" .  All the characters are awful, stupid and bad. The film is a very famous comic movie and a classic in France .... maybe because the French recognize themselves in it ! ( I'm French )
I am trying to watch this movie but it only shows a few minutes not the full movie.
So no one knows that its a remake of a french movie ?
this is a fun movie and I agree, is underrated.
7% on RottenTomatoes.....what do they know?
My all time favourit, and what about you,?
This movie is an adaptation of a french famous movie (famous in France) called Le Père Noêl est une ordure (Santa Claus is a rubbish). It's more cynical in the original version, and further more, it takes place during Christmas, with crazy people (particularly a false Santa Claus played by a crazy lunatic character).
Why the hell people don't like it?!
I love this movie. So underrated!
I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!
I love this movie.   Everyone is hysterical! .  Great Christmas movie.
awesome!!!
glad i found this, a good change
i love this movie
Best Christmas film ever!
Easily my favorite Christmas movie.
Watch this every year at Christmas!

124804 325 25 0 53
#1994movietrailer #movietrailer
More Videos @ #cappazack

TV SPOT - https://youtu.be/tPu_sQ2-Kh0

Funny comedy of 1994
Steve Martin, Adam Sandler, Rita Wilson, Juliette Lewis, Madeline Kahn, Anthony LaPaglia

PLAYLISTS OF #CAPPAZACK
Movie Studio Themes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFTtknAGYgI&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARfyxmH1uTN6l2jOHtiGuEZ
1990’s Movie Trailers - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPPuc-XYvH0&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARDxHJy0s8LlgTbkvhREMz-
1990’s Movie Trailers – TV Spots - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_18TLoKG6E&list=PLvwH9mvgvpATkQMgBPcWWwevyXdJIO-xr
2000’s Movie Trailers - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCjiNBiEUaQ&list=PLvwH9mvgvpAScVUn0qDi1sODi45RUIu7A
2000’s Movie Trailers – TV Spots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpvPzsBZBh4&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARLKyZDmpBr016IRZaDxdbS
2010’s Movie Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFyB8N1AgWg&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASQw6R-ZYVqV_oATPVHjf5f
TV & Video Misc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcnKd4pScKs&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARb8bn3rjO062pogqWYMjHw
TV Show Themes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2YJGMS8FHU&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASojZ7oTBOFX0xnlTT9hYBw
Classic Movie Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b8CaVvPCR8&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASWJIx8N_DZdaqy475UDYnF


Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.
PT2M40S
sd
MovieID::::106
i like jenny gago!!
how can I watch this?
Loved this movie so much
I want to cry already, I swear. I'm high as fuck
one of my favorite movies
24269 84 2 0 6
My Family Trailer 1995
Director: Gregory Nava
Starring: Edward James Olmos, Elpidia Carrillo, Esai Morales, Jenny Gago, Jimmy Smits, Eduardo Lopez Rojas

Official Content From New Line Home Entertainment

Highly acclaimed story of a Mexican-American family's struggle to achieve the American dream through three generations from the 1920's to the 1980's. Also released as Mi Familia.

Movie, My Family Movie,My Family Trailer,My Family 1995, Gregory Nava,Edward James Olmos, Elpidia Carrillo, Esai Morales, Jenny Gago, Jimmy Smits, Eduardo Lopez Rojas
PT2M12S
sd
MovieID::::107
They basically just copied You Me and Marley story for this film still a good film though
looks a good movie..
I was looking for something to watch, thought I'd check the trailer.. now I feel as if I know what everythings gonna happen in it lol
I reminder watching this movie when I was little great movie
...lol, the 90's.
reminds me of how our boys did it middle skool haha guttA vill
'do the right thing' is 89.
@NecKClippA Check out "Fresh," that's one of the best "hood" movies ever IMO, set in New York. "Dead Presidents" is another one, though I didn't think it was that good.
love this movie, anybody know any other good 90's eastcoast movies like this?
54485 249 5 0 20
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

New Jersey Drive Trailer - Directed by Nick Gomez and starring Sharron Corley, Gabriel Casseus, Saul Stein, Gwen McGee, Andre Moore. Jason and Midget are two young, black teenagers living in Newark, New Jersey, the unofficial car theft capital of the world. Their favorite pastime is that of everybody in their neighbourhood: stealing cars and joyriding. The trouble starts when they steal a police car and the cops launch a violent offensive.

Universal - 1995
PT2M39S
sd
MovieID::::108
I saw this movie back in the day.  Unintentionally hilarious.  That opening scene in the subway cracks me up every time I merely think about it.

Fun fact:  The actor who played "Mr. C" later went on to act in "The Sopranos"
Allegedly based on a true story, this film follows the life of Toshi, a Japanese man living in America and working with the New York City police. After being recommended for undercover work, Toshi decides to go after a gang lead by Hawk. Hawk and Toshi soon become friends, although Hawk's second-in-command, Tito, is suspicious of the newcomer. Will Toshi be able to bring the gang down, or will his cover be blown before he can finish the assignment?

MPAA Rating: R for gangster violence, language and some sexuality.

Cast: Toru Nakamura and Chad McQueen
PT1M29S
sd
MovieID::::109
So Alex is a Tranny in the sequels?
I remember my mom buying a DVD player back in the early 2000s where she got 30 DVDs with it and this was one of them. I remember how hot I thought she was which made this better than Predator for me lol
typical nazi fantasy
Oh my god, the cheese in this could give Germany a run for their money!
Still better than Twilight...
26290 32 7 0 7
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 32-33: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::110
35559 17 8 0 0
Nina Takes A Lover Trailer 1995
Director: Alan Jacobs
Starring: Fisher Stevens, Laura San Giacomo, Michael O'Keefe, Paul Rhys, Cristi Conaway,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A young woman will do anything, even if it means having an affair, to save her marriage. A smart, sexy love story with a surprise twist.

Movie, Nina Takes A Lover Movie,Nina Takes A Lover Trailer,Nina Takes A Lover 1995, Alan Jacobs,Fisher Stevens, Laura San Giacomo, Michael O'Keefe, Paul Rhys, Cristi Conaway,
PT1M45S
sd
MovieID::::111
Hot soundtrack too. But it's not Kendrick Lamar ok
gladly there is no one saying wakanda forever
This and Malcolm X r my 2 favorite movies
I saw it yesterday i was 5 when it came out. So yeah.
So this what 2Pac was talking about
I've never heard of this movie. Now I want to see it.
36788 182 8 0 16
Panther Trailer 1995
Director: Mario Van Peebles
Starring: Courtney B Vance, Kadeem Hardison, Bokeem Woodbine, Joe Don Baker, Courtney Vance, Tyrin Turner

Official Content From PolyGram Video

Chronicles the rise of the Black Panthers in 1968. The militant organization fought for the civil rights of African Americans and clashed with the FBI, which was trying to bring down the group.

Movie, Panther Movie,Panther Trailer,Panther 1995, Mario Van Peebles,Courtney B Vance, Kadeem Hardison, Bokeem Woodbine, Joe Don Baker, Courtney Vance, Tyrin Turner
PT34S
sd
MovieID::::112
I am an SSPX Traditionalist Roman Catholic, so I love Catholicism, but this film does have truths to it. I don't agree with all of it, but I do think that the Seal of sanctity of the Confessional is man made and allows evil to fester in the Church. And I think the Church needs to be more forgiving when gay priests break celibacy. Few priest have never fallen once, we are sexual beings it's hard. When it is a straight priest there is always forgiveness but not for gay priests (of course the sexual abuse of children is completely different, and those priests must be prosecuted and incriminated).
A lot of people are so quick to pass judgement on LGBT people, saying it's a choice, learned behavior and worst of all, sinful. Frankly, I don't agree with any of these assumptions. Those who think it's that simple, newsflash! It isn't! This community suffers enough rejection and pain, those ideas are WAY OUT OF DATE! I'm so fed up with holy rollers who think they can judge this more harshly than everything else: Love is color and gender blind, get off your soapbox!
RIP Antonia Bird
the ending gets me every time!!

The first time I saw this movie, I wasn't sure what to expect, bc the case was so vague describing the plot. I liked both the gay priest and Father Matthew, but the subplot involving the sexual abuse, was not only good, but needed to ad to the conflict. No wonder the Catholic church didn't like this movie, bc it exposed the dark side of their church, oh no! Their religion seems to thrive on secrecy and scandal, well, I say this movie was ahead of its time!
i just watch this movie, actually i didn't give a shit about that gay priest i was more worried about the girl and the stupid confession that is a secret i think it is major stupid that confessions are a secret cuz people who are doing the most awful of things can just go sit have a nice chatter and walk away again without fear that the cops will be knocking on their doors within the hour, if the crime is heavy confession secret must be lifted and the person must be stopped.
muy buena película sobre la vida clerical

Such a good movie.
118743 95 13 0 8

PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::113
No wonder it got bad reviews. Everyone was expecting a murder mystery.
Just listening to Hot Stepper by Ini Kamoze and realized it was the soundtrack for this film. I need to watch this.
Luv tha lyrix . Pret a port / Port a pret / pret a port / port a pret.  Whew.  Na anan an na na an ana nna naa naaaa......
I didn't appreciate this movie when it came out.
Los'90,años de las top models.
RA
RE
RI
RO
RU
Fabulosa Quimica entre este  Extraordinario Elenco de Grandes entre las mas Grandes  Actricez y Modelos  Actores,  y  su   Ambientacion  y como Siempre  Sophia Loren Derrochando y Haciendo Gala de su Poderoso Glamour. y Acompañada de  Lauren Bacall, Julia Roberts,  Anouk Aime, Kim Basinger,  etc etc.
I've never heard of this movie before.
90 people love sex to much
B.M.T

Before my time
My favorite underrated Altman film
143369 487 23 0 11
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Ready to Wear (1994) Official Trailer - Sophia Loren, Julia Roberts Movie HD

At the world's hottest fashion show, there's been a murder. Now, everybody's a suspect, including two guests who end up sharing much more than a hotel room. Add to the fun a hilariously inept TV reporter on the trail of her most shocking interview yet. They're all caught up in the year's biggest see-and-be-seen events, where steamy scandals and spectacular supermodels turn up the heat in a riotous show of high-fashion hilarity.


Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT1M57S
hd
MovieID::::114
They make this a masterpiece look like it was a cheap ass erotic thriller a la Color of Night
It is at once amusing, depressing, and revealing that Miramax had in its hands something as great as Red (and, really, Kieslowski's whole Three Colours trilogy) and believed this was the best way to sell it to American audiences of the early '90s.
I came to comment on how bad this trailer is, but I see you've got that covered.
This is beyond misleading
holy shit this is such a terrible trailer!
Horrible trailer. They just want to sensationalize everything.
Who put MIssion Impossible music under RED ??
36210 35 8 0 7
Miramax trailer for Kieslowski's Three Colors: Red suggesting something about secret pasts, international intrigue and maybe, you know, spies.
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::115
Looks like some proper cinema at least. Every one of these images says something
So I'm guessing I just spoiled this for myself. Oh well.
Woah! So nicely encapsulated the entire movie in three clips.
PS- You had me at 'La dolce vita'.
My favourite director for many reasons the film is great
oh ! my ! god ! I love Julie delpy
Very shtetl humor
by far the worst of the 3, almost laughable with the twist at the end
Red is probably my favorite out of the three, but I really loved White a lot as well. Wasn't even aware that there was hate towards it until now.
What's the reasoning behind that ?
Terrific, as is "Red", I don't understand the hate for this film :S
And the 'Blue' and the Decalogue series.
The best of the trilogy. Fuck tha' haterz!
@mrred0710 And "The Double Life of Veronique"
@Psergiorivera Don't forget Red!
Love the older people with the hunch walking in blue and white.
109972 519 12 0 23
Those are our three reasons. What are yours?



Out 11/15 on Blu-ray and DVD! More info: http://www.criterion.com/boxsets/844-three-colors
PT1M32S
hd
MovieID::::116
4940 23 0 0 0
Rent A Kid Trailer 1995
Director: Fred Gerber
Starring: Christopher Lloyd, Leslie Nielsen, Matt McCoy, Sherry Miller, Amos Crawley, Cody Jones

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

An enterprising salesman comes up with an unusual way for an orphange to 'move its merchandise', in this comedy about life, love, and family.

Movie, Rent A Kid Movie,Rent A Kid Trailer,Rent A Kid 1995, Fred Gerber,Christopher Lloyd, Leslie Nielsen, Matt McCoy, Sherry Miller, Amos Crawley, Cody Jones
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::117
1747 4 0 0 0
Relative Fear Trailer 1995
Director: George Mihalka
Starring: Darlanne Fluegel, Denise Crosby, James Brolin, M. Emmet Walsh, Martin Neufeld, Matthew Dupuis

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

When two babies are switched at birth, the innocent parents of an evil young boy are terrorized by a series of horrific deaths.

Movie, Relative Fear Movie,Relative Fear Trailer,Relative Fear 1995, George Mihalka,Darlanne Fluegel, Denise Crosby, James Brolin, M. Emmet Walsh, Martin Neufeld, Matthew Dupuis
PT1M33S
sd
MovieID::::118
6261 16 0 0 0
Trailer for The Secret of Roan Inish (1994) captured from the 3 Ninjas Knuckle Up (1995) VHS tape. This tape is labeled 10663 and released in (1995).
PT2M3S
sd
MovieID::::119
The revenge deaths went in order...Charlie who actually did the killing died first...to Joe who ordered the hit died last.
Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea
Personally, I think "The Specialist" is somewhat a good film with some funny moments and a great sex scene between Sly Stallone and Sharon Stone's characters. I am also glad that the film shows characters representing the Cuban mafia as well and what they got deserved.
I don't care what anybody says, this movie is Gold. Classic.
Best film ever seen!
Music is like from Predator 1
I only bought a copy of this movie because it features a Rasberry Metallic Porsche 968 Cabriolet.



Even though it barely gets two minutes of screen time.
Sharon Stone sexy women
Stone was 15 years too old for her character.
The best was...on the end
Stallone... STONE
Sly&Sharon overrated, James Woods&Eric Roberts underrated!
The only reason this movie didnt get more creds, is that the average film critics have such a bad taste.
Word is
You were sexually taken advantage of Sharon. Why don't you make bigger fuss about exposure?
Hahaha me too
2019?
Stone was far too old. How could Tomas have killed May's parents when they were the same age?
Back then I love trailer with voice what happened to kind of trailer these days
Silvester Stallone Stone Woods
Great action movie, amazing acting from the bad guys.
Filme que merece uma cena de sexo mais picante do que a que tem nele !
Does anyone know the song at the very beginning of the trailer please? (From 0:00 to 0:34) Thank you!
This is the hottest on film Sharon Stone ever looked. Yes even more than Sliver or Basic Instinct.
looks like great movie three great actors
I found this to be very enjoyable having recently watched it a second time. Great cast and setting. Good story line. Well paced with a good mix of action and dialogue. Stallone is badass. Sharon Stone hot. James Woods the ultimate scumbag. Eric Roberts excellent as usual... I don't see why this film has seemingly dropped off the radar.
YES! So GOOD!
Where's LaFontaine's "October 7th?" It was right after he said, "Stallone, Stone...." The screen goes red before the titles for the film. Classic trailer though! Thanks for posting.
This was one of Stallones best movies it was pure class. Everything was done in a classy way even the shower scene between them. And the soundtrack was also great. I remember when it came out everyone wanted to see Sharon Stone in the shower.
Ppl saying this was not good movie does not know a thing about movies at all..Sadly but thats a fact you haters
I give sly some props also. Even though he didnt act nearly enough. His character was to quiet. Should have had some more zing. Stallone can act. He has the potential to be great. He just isnt always. Who is. But i give him props because it was a different role for him. It wasn't the typical bang bang role or movie. Like i said not a bad flick just not very good. Could of been like casino. Still very entertaining.
This movie had all the potential to be great and i mean great. Dont get me wrong. Its not bad. Its entertaining. James woods is great. He alone makes it worth watching. Sharon stone did her thing. Also not a bad story. Nothing deep or great. Stallone did his thing also. The part where sly said to woods you got no code. Very good. But with that being said not good either. Poorly poorly directed. To many mistakes.
Dhe amount of ritually-sickled hammers he had to polish in order to get where he is, dhough...
it wasn't Eric Roberts who killed her parents but his father!
Wow@Sharon's legs when she sat down at 1:14 mark and crossed her legs. I wanna kiss her legs LOL. Sylvester and Eric Roberts were in the classic movie The Expendables that Sylvester directed. I love that movie and it's the best Expendables. I got it on dvd. I also got The Specialist on dvd. James Woods is a good actor and I like him.
look at them , they look sexy af #GoldenTimes #AgingSucks
Are we referring to the "Bomb Specialist", "Dynamite Specialist", "Explosive Specialist", "Medical Specialist" or "Free-kick Specialist" because due to my knowledge, being a specialist means that you are an expert in a certain field hence they cannot exist in so many different fields? I do not have the knowledge of so many different types of specialists around.
Love that song. What's the name?
I heard that Slyvester Stallone left Sharon Stone breatheless in the showers after squashing her by pinning her down from on top just like in the film The Nutty Professor.
One of the ultimate guilty pleasure movies. I'm a huge Stallone fan but James Woods stole this movie. It's worth watching just for him.
@ John Jessop

shit happens. something went wrong :D don't worry, be happy ;)
Great movie, only they didn't show Sharon Stone slapping Rod Steiger in the movie at all
Very good movie and Sharon Stone was hot in this. I know Sylvester Stallone was happy to have sex with her LOL. I like the scene when she was talking to Eric Roberts at his house and she was sitting in the chair with her legs crossed and Eric walked over to her and kissed her leg. She has nice legs. I like the scene when Sylvester beat up those bad guys on the bus and he let that nice woman have a seat LOL.
Woods and Roberts should have switched roles, then it might have been believable.
Stone was too old. How could Eric Roberts have killed her parents when they were clearly the same age?
351921 635 48 0 84
Original theatrical trailer for the 1994 film "The Specialist."  Starring Sylvester Stallone Sharon Stone, James Woods, Eric Roberts, Rod Steiger.  Directed by Luis Llosa.
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::120
this is gold
Filmone! SFX invecchiati benissimo! ^^
i have the 1999 special edition DVD
30872 16 0 0 3
Promo for Stargate - The Ultimate Edition (2003) captured from the Bloody Murder 2 (2003) tape released in (2003).
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::121
Thought that was the case aswell :D
Yeah lol I don't really mind now :D
Just caught in the moment :P
I don't think he's intentionally plagiarizing, I think he actually thinks this is the official trailer, lol. Either way it needs to be removed. I really don't understand the point of taking a video off YouTube and re-uploading it yourself, be it a fan-made trailer or an official one.
This trailer is fan made, and is one of my previous trailers I Created! Please stop being plagiarist!
Excellent quality trailer.  Thanks for sharing.
73689 47 6 0 8
The Shawshank Redemption http://goo.gl/xtKc2

Story:

"Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency."
PT1M4S
hd
MovieID::::122
Made by the greatest director of all time
Boyle’s best film.  Bustles with energy.
mr robot brought me here
Brilliant film
Trainspotting prototype
I hope the blu-ray doesn't stutter as much as this clip does ;)
It is great movie, I had it on VHS.....
It’s the Doctor with his hair
"It wasn't difficult to spot". HAHA! Love that!
A perfect example as of what Money can do to friendship!
Not the Criterion version.
this movie doesn't have any sence at all.
Really creepy movie!
One more day until it's in stores.  Can't wait.
56114 141 16 0 16
The original trailer for Danny Boyle's SHALLOW GRAVE.

Out now on Blu-ray and DVD: http://www.criterion.com/films/27981-shallow-grave
PT2M11S
hd
MovieID::::123
No, think again Deborah Bean.
FIRST!!! aaaaand probably last
3780 47 0 0 2
Order in the UK: http://bit.ly/1r55jj5
Order in the US: http://bit.ly/1QMlThx

Inspired by the paranoid visions of John Frankenheimer’s The Manchurian Candidate and Seconds, the desert noir of Detour and the black and white widescreen beauty of Hiroshi Teshigahara’s The Face of Another and Woman of the Dunes, Suture is one of great feature debuts – by writer-directors David Siegel and Scott McGehee – and a truly unique piece of cinema.

The wealthy and self-assured Vincent (Michael Harris) meets his blue collar half-brother Clay (Dennis Haysbert) at their father’s funeral and is struck by their similarity. He decides to murder Clay and take his identity, only Clay survives the assassination attempt with no memory and is mistaken for Vincent. The fact that Harris is white and Haysbert is black only complicates a film that probes into the nature of identity.

After viewing an early rough cut, Steven Soderbergh came on board as executive producer and enthusiastic patron. Suture went on to become a hit on the festival circuit, including Sundance where it deservedly won the award for Best Cinematography.

Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ArrowFilmsVideo
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ArrowVideo
Follows us on Instagram: https://instagram.com/arrowvideo
PT2M6S
hd
MovieID::::124
Tenho esse filme na minha coleção. Perfeito!
Dónde está la película completa ?
sólo he visto el trailer y se ve increíble
El final de esta película es de lo mejor que he visto en mi vida
101115 164 10 0 7
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u25ba' in position 1047: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::125
Based on what we know now, this is a little creepy.
Probably the basis for Ari Gold
"Check out the brains on Brett!"
horrible bosses prequel
Through this, he "produced" his Lex Luthor side.
it's a dark comedy
The trailer makes it seem like a comedy but it really plays out to be a thriller...
Haha, true. I wouldn't exactly say it's a "bad" trailer, but definately a misleading one. Makes the movie look like a laugh-out-loud comedy, when in fact it's a pretty dark drama, with a sharp sense of humor...
that boss is a bigger bitch than Spiderman's Boss xD
Frank Whaley has been yelled at by Kevin Spacey and Samuel L. Jackson in his career (In the same year as a matter of fact). I commend that man! I love this film!
typical example of an amazing movie having a bad trailer
Awesome movie... terrible trailer: I don't remember this being a comedy.
90071 112 10 0 18
Trailer for the 1994 film Swimming With Sharks.
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::126
This movie so great
5373 22 1 0 1
The Sum Of Us Trailer 1995
Director: Kevin Dowling
Starring: Jack Thompson, Russell Crowe, John Polson, Deborah Kennedy, Joss Moroney,

Official Content From Hallmark Entertainment

A widower and his gay son develop a unique bond in this lighthearted look at social acceptance, dating and other affairs of the heart. Touching film with a fine cast.

Movie, The Sum Of Us Movie,The Sum Of Us Trailer,The Sum Of Us 1995, Kevin Dowling,Jack Thompson, Russell Crowe, John Polson, Deborah Kennedy, Joss Moroney,
PT1M45S
sd
MovieID::::127
I only saw this movie once and it's my favorite foreign film. Anyone know what year this movie was filmed?
TO LIVE ............. PERU !!!!!!!!!
It seems to be a good movie.
Many years ago when i was a student in university I watched it and was hard to forget it because it's too shocking.In china, it's banned by chinese communist party government. In my opinion, it's the very peak of chinese movie .
Just finished reading the book, and I literally sobbed I couldn't breathe. Need sometime to watch the movie
Maybe "To Die" would be a more fitting tittle. It was a sad movie but it was a good movie nonetheless.
Little bun, spoiler alert
maybe best movie ever.
Banned for a time in China...

Because the CPC won't admit Mao's crimes
i didnt know that...O____________________O
o my god, i cried like a baby during the hospital scene. I swear to god i dont think ive seen anything that sad before...i dont even think warhorse was that sad in my opinion
This is the best movie ever.. found it suddenly back in Shanghai on a market stall after several years looking for it; made it even more special for me to find it in China that time. The movie is about real life and all that really matters. If you like the old China and pure movies, there is no better than this..
This movie is so epic and touching, you'll be breathless all the way through, saw this movie during a university lecture at WSU for world civilizations. Pure class.
Best Movie!!
saw it in history class.
so touching!
The characters were amazing; and I could not get to sleep .. I felt quite shaken by it .. but I watched it very late and went right to bed.  Amazing film.  I guess everyone here knows the director and Gong Li were basically put under house arrest for 2 years for this movie.
@quiden the trailer is not finished
More people need to know about this film. Such an epic although it is quite a depressing story. It is the Forrest Gump of Chinese cineima due its presentation of china's history in the film.
One of the greatest films ever made, and definitely on my personal top 10. Starring two stars from another favorite of mine, 'Farewell My Concubine'. I have seen 'To Live' countless times and will watch it again and again. An amazing epic film.
Simply amazing film!!! Gong Li is a megastar. Zhang Yimou is a master film maker.
Love Gong li's movies :)
@Meowsaidthekitty
It's not just good, this movie is amazing. Brace yourself for an emotional roller-coaster ride.
About half way through the movie, I just couldn't take it anymore. I was emotionally connected with the characters. I cried like a little girl, and I'm a 28 year old guy.
This movie is epic and brilliant. Definitely on my top 5.
Gong Li is amazing
These trailers tend to do that. The film is brilliant.
Oh this is an OUTSTANDING picture.  The cast is amazing .. and it tells about the history of China since about 1940 .. how they did it in 2 hours is that they just show it though the eyes of this couple going through it.  Zhang Yimou, father was associated to the Nationalist side of the war (they lost), and as such he spend 10 years doing hard labour.  Almost Bizzare to us Westerners, people say it was very much like this movie. I loved it -- but very sad as you love the characters to much.
This trailer looks awful, is the movie actually good?
I guess the regular 'In a World' guy wasn't available.
Fortunately the movie is everything this cheesy western style trailer is not.
71769 111 3 0 34
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/To_Live_(film)
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::128
This was quite a movie!
5505 15 1 0 1
Village Of The Damned Trailer 1995
Director: John Carpenter
Starring: Christopher Reeve, Kirstie Alley, Linda Kozlowski, Mark Hamill, Michael Pare, Meredith Salenger

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

Ten emotionless children are born nine months after a small British town experiences a mysterious black out. With psychic abilities and deadly powers, the youngsters wreak havoc on the village.

Movie, Village Of The Damned Movie,Village Of The Damned Trailer,Village Of The Damned 1995, John Carpenter,Christopher Reeve, Kirstie Alley, Linda Kozlowski, Mark Hamill, Michael Pare, Meredith Salenger
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::129
Even the trailer is absolutely hysterical!
Does anyone know the song at 0:18??
this looks a lot like "Planes Trains and Automobiles"
ahh son of lol !!!!!
As I grew a large company, I always told my employees " the meaning of like is in Tommy Boy". It really is.
I wish i could find this on DVD or blu ray
Still my favorite comedy
Funny movie.

Beverly Hills Ninja is a masterpiece and the last great comedy ever made....

Thumbs up if you agree
My favorite actor... Always will be.
HOLY SCHNIKEES!!! There will never be another be another chris farley
Chris Farley is the best. He's very missed.
oh really great
Won't find a movie like this any further .. :s
This movie never gets old!
Maybe I smile so much cause my pleasures aren't met an I have to over compensate. Maybe I should have examined that better
Chris Farley's idol was John Belushi. They both died at the age of 33 after a speedball overdose. Belushi's Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was given on April 1 2004, while Farley's was awarded in 2005.
the original SHREK AND DONKEY
The last great comedian actor
what did you do?????? killing me hahahahaaaa..
that's funny to you?
I remeber It was painful watching them ruin a perferct mopar little by little.
David Spade was in this movie? Wow Joe Dirt and then this...
Is he really or are you just trying to get attention?
Chris Farley is the greatest comedian ever so involved in his work and so dedicated

Are you fucking kidding me? Uncle Buck! Canadian Bacon! The great outdoors! Do some research John Candy is basically a legend!
Buy it from Amazon.com, I've got the movie on dvd & it ain't going anywhere lol.
That's cause you like the movies of today. Tommy boy was/is funnier then you'll ever know!
One of my favorite all time movies
I can get a good look at a T-bone by sticking my head up a bull's ass, but I'd rather take a butcher's word for it.
David spade is my neighbor
Classic Movie
SHUTUP RICHARD :D
really? what was david like?
BEST MOVIE EVER
GTX, schwing
"Maniac," by Michael Sembello.
What's the name of the song that begins playing at 1:09?
mmmm. Rob Lowe<33
what does it mean holle shnaeke
sorry 4 my bad Spelling mistakes
@BillionNames: The song is called "Maniac".
DAMNIT I MISS THE 90s
whats the music in the end called?
and the coroners was like "my god!" movies classic stop watching the trailer n got watch the movie
Whatcha Do? lol Favorite part

@MixedMami2187
Yeah he was the best, also this was one of the funniest movies.
@xPuffMuffin he was your neighbour?
@UltimatePlayer000001 The best comedian that ever lived man.
@UltimatePlayer000001 seriously?!
The end of slapstick comedy... RIP Chris Farley.
i saw this in the theater before "billy madison" in 1995. we laughed ridiculously hard. billy madison could not compete with this trailer.
Love the music in this.
Perfect trailer. No voice explaining the movie and mostly Farley. Genius
"I can actually hear you gettin' fatter!" :))
I miss mr.fairly...best neighbor ever...    ='(
"All right, It's sale time. So, remember. We don't take no for an answer."
@JLA12301985 haha well ya but I dont want to put the whole movie on my fb, its a joke but the joke doesn't have as much without the clip haha
@neverbackindown get the movie lol
does anyone know where I can find just the car door scene?
Son of...that's gonna leave a mark!
Richard? Who's your favorite little rascal? Alfalfa, or is it SPANKY?............sinner.
R.I.P Chris Farley

Best thing that make him awsome is ( World of Warcraft Ogre /dance )  its he's!
By far the funniest movie ever, my #1. Still better than Hangover and any comedy ever made. What a Classic and RIP Chris Farley
This was the first movie I asked for a Blu-ray :D
For those who haven´t seen the movie, and have seen this trailer, have just seen the movie now..

11 people didn't sell enough brake pads to help their company
John Candy > Chris Farley
Says "Luke Luke I am your father" in the fan lol
Awww! I didn't know Chris was dead!

Omg I love him! Thats so sad! He's the best man I love his movies!
oh shit i just love this bigg fat guy !
siskel and ebert didnt think he was funny

fuck em
@:10...just as good looking as she was in 1980 when she was a "10"
I cant believe the critics gave this movie 1 star this is my favorite comedy i watched it over 100 times well actually every time its on ,well that goes to show u how some people got no taste thank you chris for all the laughs.  "brothers dont shake hands brothers gotta hug" RIP
9 people have thick candy shells over their brains...
Wow, Watching this trailer almost makes me believe that David Spade is funny

LMAO I've done that with my car door 1:45. Except it was a tree. Equally painful to experience.
I love this movie, don't get me wrong. But I hate when I hear that Black Sheep and Almost Heroes were crap. What do you expect when the first movie you do was a great movie. Everything else isn't going to be "as good." They were still good movies and enjoyable. I bet Hangover 2 is going to be good but NOT as good as part 1. That's what happens.
Oh man my favorite line of the movie...

"WHA'D JUH DOO?" lmfao.
I love this movie!!!!!!!! <3
why i never saw this movie? it really is awesome like lilly and marshal sad :D
@miouth150  Haha I just did!

@miouth150 thts true man..
@ronnoc360 you mean...jack black is like Chris Farley:)
@MatzuzakiLois Other way around, dude.
Best movie EVAR
He's like Jack Black:)
Son of a...!!!
Probably the only movie where David Spade was funny.
"Does this suit make me look fat?"
"No, your face does."

David Spade and Chris Farley had such a great rapport. They were as good of a comedic duo as anybody.
@iHemme14 sounds like 'Jimmy Crack Corn', the old folk song, to me.
Holy Sneickees
1:08 what is the name of that song in the background? Please respond. Thanks!
@jjenkins134 Exactly what I thought when I saw that.
Marty, find out where the police are going to be taking him. Send over a bottle of bubbly with a bucket of ice and a card. Have it say, "Tough break, get drunk on me. Use the bucket to ice down your marbles, Yours, Z."
562081 684 30 0 183
"If at first you don't succeed, lower your standards."



Theatrical trailer for 1995's classic "Tommy Boy"  Starring Chris Farley, David Spade, Rob Lowe, Bo Derek, Dan Aykroyd, Brian Dennehy, and a 1967 Plymouth GTX convertible.
PT2M23S
sd
MovieID::::130
does anyone know the soundtrack used here?
Great cast!!
Is this a sequel to My Dinner With Andre?
Amazing!!!! Love these actors and to have been directed by the brilliant Malle?! Gots to be good!
I'm waiting impatiently for Neotpravlennoye pismo to be released
Anton Chekhov's Uncle Vanya.
15752 74 2 0 8
Those are our three reasons. What are yours?

Out on Blu-ray and DVD, 2/24: http://www.criterion.com/films/28022-vanya-on-42nd-street
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::131
great movie ! peter gallagher  and alison elliotte  and elisabeth shue
20245 29 3 0 1

PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::132
Wait, where’s Rick?
Highly UNDERRATED war movie
I love that movie the walking dead my favorite Marine films of all time
Where are the zombies
A lot of flying vc huh
They should called this movie Men Who Went To War Over P*ssy watch the movie and the characters’ back stories and u will see what I mean. Guess Eddie Griffin was right about that joke he said in his late stand up
Damn I thought this might have zombies and the new show was a remake. lol
So uh... where's the zombies at?
where's the movie
I love this movie , i was trying to think of the name
This movie is number 2 in my top 5, behind the spook who sat by the door.
24775 95 5 0 16
Walking Dead Trailer 1994
Director: Preston A. Whitmore II
Starring: Allen Payne, Vonte Sweet, Joe Morton, Eddie Griffin, Roger Floyd,

Official Content From HBO Video

Five young marines on a suicide mission in Vietnam, struggle for survival in a jungle minefield. The mean streets of home did not prepare them for this.

Movie, Walking Dead Movie,Walking Dead Trailer,Walking Dead 1994, Preston A. Whitmore II,Allen Payne, Vonte Sweet, Joe Morton, Eddie Griffin, Roger Floyd,
PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::133
11767 27 1 0 0
Two drag queens and a transsexual get a cabaret gig in the middle of the desert.

Starring Hugo Weaving, Terence Stamp & Guy Pearce
PT2M38S
sd
MovieID::::134
The song is called "Sing Sing Sing"
Love this film!! Woody is a genius!!
don't speak don't speak lmao best line ever
It's on DVD here now
I'm sure a certain swedish website has it... which has something to do with pirates....
Cusack has come a long way. Epic actor. Find a niche and stay there.
@suavidadextrem ''Sing, Sing, Sing'' by Benny Goodman
CHARMED!! CHARMED!!!
0:51 What's the name of song?

please!!!!!!!!

Nombre de la cancion?

por favor
0:51 What's the name of song?

please!!!!!!!!
Woody Allen is one of the best. Defianately up there with Kubrick and Hitchcock
This movie is amazing. Pity I can't find it on DVD in Sweden
I'm a whore!!!!!!
BRILLIANT MOVIE!! who ever said they didn't like the story is insane. The story is terrific as is the message of the movie that all artists have to compromise and that real talent is god given.
Woody and Dianne Wiest at their best:)
Looks good I wanna see this!!!
You have to know this... you are a horrible actress.
This movie really picked up when Chaz did his thing. All is not forgiven Woody but I've dropped my ban and am catching up, this is a good one and I didn't think Jade Sc was that bad either.
I LOVE this film! Thanks for uploading the trailer.





STAY AWESOME! :)
87037 118 4 0 21
Bullets Over Broadway (1994) trailer
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::135
Love This Movie.
Alguien sabe donde la puedo ver completa en español ??
love this movie
did anyone else watch this on family channel?!
21685 60 4 0 4
Writer/director Jessie Nelson tries entirely too hard to infuse her main characters with difficult hurdles to jump.  It's not enough that the potentially but certain-to-be romantic leads of Corrina, Corrina are employer and employee.  There's also the fact that Manny (Ray Liotta) is still grieving over the loss of his wife.  That's why he hires Corrina (Whoopi Goldberg) as his maid and nanny to his daughter, Molly (Tina Majorino), who has taken to not speaking since her mother's death.

If the obstacles ended there, their relationship might have seemed more plausible, but they don't.
http://www.theparallaxreview.com/on_cable/corrina_corrina.html
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::136
3515 12 0 0 0
“Available on DVD through www.umbrellaent.com.au”

Make yourself at home with the Carmichael family as they experience one very special summer in their Brooklyn neighbourhood that they've affectionately nicknamed "Crooklyn". Renowned director Spike Lee fashions a tender, colourful movie complemented by an energising vintage R'n'B soundtrack.
PT1M24S
sd
MovieID::::137
That angry man sitting next to Charles always make me laugh.
37764 43 2 0 1
No Copyright Infringement Intended.
PT2M18S
hd
MovieID::::138
My techer is in this movie
Did this eber get released?
August:Osage county is her best work!
One of Julia roberts worst films!
I love how Jason from Home Movies mentions how terrible this movie is
One of Julia Roberts' many terrible films.
Julia Roberts looked so beautiful here, dark hair suited her
Nolte and Roberts hated each other while making this.
Don't you just love these '90s trailers?

I sure do.
Fun movie with a message that was ahead of its time: the potential dangers of bioengineering.
I didn't know touchstone went under.
1:40 ...Wow, remind me why Touchstone went under?
147322 145 9 0 16
Nick Nolte and Julia Roberts star as rival investigative reporters on the case to find out why someone would crash an entire train just to get rid of one person.
PT1M50S
sd
MovieID::::139
Leni was a propaganda film maker(whether she realized it or not) but if you watch the full documentary she clearly was immersed in film making and pioneered many film technical aspects used today.  She describes such in this film yet seems so drawn into her artful muse as to even reckon logic of Nazi totalitarian abuse of power.. she was .either an artist submersed in her muse or in denial it's truly left up to the viewer in this documentary presented.
Wtf does the nazi era have to do with this lady in the modern era?   Im bored of this lose the nazi shit. And then ill watch it ok.
@humanskeleton mira el documental y lo vas a entender... es muy buena la pelicula
Whatever her political orientation she was remarkably skilled and used it well. Her life was a triumph or her will because she not only survived WWII but continued to be active until her 90s doing film.
Curioso montaje. ¿Tiene alguna intención?
27880 47 7 0 7
DVD AVAILABLE AT QUADFLIX.COM THE ULTIMATE INDIE STORE



FILM SYNOPSIS

A spellbinding account of the career of the most renowned woman director, best known as Hitler's moviemaker and recently hailed by The New York Times as "one of the greatest woman filmmakers ever." In this remarkable documentary, Leni Riefenstahl addresses her past for the first time on camera.



Length: 3:01   Rating: NR



English and German with English Subtitles



List Price: $29.95 | Our Price: $22.00





While she never actually joined the Nazi Party, as the creator of the single most effective propaganda film ever made, Triumph of the Will, Riefenstahl has spent much of her life trying to live down her association with the Third Reich. Her personal relationship with Hitler is still in question.



Feisty and charismatic at 91, Riefenstahl revisits the landmarks of her turbulent life -- from her beginnings as a daredevil actress in German "mountain films" to her direction of such stunning narratives as The Blue Light (1932) and Tiefland (1940s, released in 1954), to her infamous, brilliant documentaries Triumph of the Will (1935) and Olympia (1938), to her anthropological photographs of the now extinct Nuba tribes in Africa. The film brings the story of Riefenstahl right up to her current passion, scuba diving and shooting films of exotic aquatic life. All together, a riveting story that leaves the viewer in total awe of its controversial subject.



Critical Acclaim:



"A vital artistic event! One of the year's ten best." - Richard Corliss, Time



"Staggering. The most fascinating, weirdly engaging monster ever recorded on film." - Joan Juliet Buck





Director:     Ray Müller

Starring:     Leni Riefenstahl (Herself)

Country:     Germany

Genres:      Biography, Documentary, Film Studies, War, Women Directors, Women's Studies

Type:         Color

Year:         1993

Language:   English and German with English subtitles

Length:      181 mins.

Asp.Ratio:   1.33.1
PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::140
The title at 1:54 is so shit. If you look at it another way, it says Lime Buddha
Gia auto h homosexuals
lol keanu as buddah. im no sjw but that is some white washing haha
littttttttttt
Y didn't I get to c the movie as a child. Seems like such a nice movie. But after 20 yrs I get to know bout Buddha thru Vipassna
Kuch xcx bhutaha film
Just pointing out the movie was about Lama Norbu reincarnating, not the Buddha. It just showed the story of how the Buddha found enlightenment along the way.
People thinking that the white boy is a reincarnation of buddha proves that they haven't watched the movie. The boy is meant to be a reincarnation of a tibetan lama.
So many negative comments! This was my favorite movie as a child (I was born in 1993) and although I can see some issues with the way Buddha was portrayed now, I still think it's a beautiful movie.
Buddha was enlightened and I thought broke the cycle of birth and death. This is why he became the Buddha!
Who the f*** make this movie . He don't know even where buddha was born. Budhha was born in nepal not india
Can't be that Buddha is recarnated because he got enlighted and in Buddism you're not reborn when you're enlightened! ;-)
Bullshit Zionist craps same Buddha is never gonna born in any plane in this galaxy not even as a God belongs to the 31 planes nirvana is the way to stop rebirth and death.
What is that thing that Champa, the monk, does with his hands in minute 33 or 40 in the movie before saluting Bridget Fonda??? I´ll appreciate any help, been searching that for years.....thanks.
film makers don't know where Buddha was borne, Buddha was borne in Nepal not in India.
Little buddha has given true relationship between humanity and breaking high belief of RELIGIOUS barriers. This story expressed belief of reincarnation rather than separation of Buddhism (Theravadha or Mahayana).
Keanu Reeves = Little Bullshit!
"Booda".... lol
This is the best thing I've ever seen. Ever.
I used to watch the Finnish version "Pikku Buddha" and was mesmerised by it. Such a great film! Never knew until this day that it was Keanu Reeves.
Introducing "Alex lives in danger"
lol i remember back in school....when we had to do RE (religious education). we watched this movie because of some project thing we were doing. finally found it again :)
I refuse to believe the reincarnation of the buddha is an oakland A's fan. Clearly that is the work of great evil. lol
Every one knows Buddha was born in NEPAL!!!
Saw the trailer as a kid  never said anything
they made a white guy darker LOL
Is this available on dcs or vcr tapes? I really want to find this movie
258521 559 32 0 48
A film on Buddhist concept. The movie is bit of semi documentary in nature where the life of the Buddha runs parallel with a nice serine story.
PT1M57S
sd
MovieID::::141
Yes, Leigh is too campy, but, what do you want?  Besides, where else can you find a film about Parker?  And, who know's?  Maybe Parker herself was too campy.
donde puedo conseguir esta película subtitulada al español . gracias
I had completely forgotten about the existence of this gem of a film. Time to hunt it down and re-watch.
I love this film, it has very witty dialogue, an excellent cast, well directed and edited. JJL does a spot on Dorothy Parker both visually and vocally. I have seen this film many times on cable and other places. This is one of the best independent gems of the 90s.
the film is good
something boring

Oh man you totally rule!!! I love this movie and I'm sorry those dicks at Fineline screwed y'all over.
@toolkien I am of a different opinion, to me the film was wonderful.
@toolkien I do not agree at all with your comment. To me, it is a wonderful film, as always, what we like, or dislike, as viewers is only a matter of opinion, but i feel yours is a bit strong!
Hands down the worst movie I've ever seen. Jennifer Jason Leigh was horrible. I can only blame the directing, the most obviously acted movie I ever laid my eyes on, and the casting, since Jennifer Jason Leigh has not given a performance I liked, the least worst being Fast Times. Tried to be stylish and was only hamfistedly crass. Sometimes the stink of self congratulation is too noxious to overcome.
One of my favorite movies.  Turned me on to Dorthy to gin.
I totally agree!Jennifer is such an underrated actress!I mean she didn't even receive an oscar nod!
Edna Ferber, who wrote "Giant" said her famous rejoiner to Noel Coward, when he said that to Edna, walking in wearing a similar suit.
Jennifer Jason Leigh should have won the Oscar for best actress in 1994 for her performance has aged very well indeed compared to Jessica Lange's performance in Blue Sky.
All the years I've wasted being a party girl and a smart ass! Jennifer you rocked this movie! I'll never forget when I saw this film in the winter of 1995!
62848 131 8 0 19
trailer
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::142
just bought this on dvd  looks like a good  movie
The trailer does not in any way do justice to this movie.
GREAT 1994  THE PAPER MOVIE TRAILER !!
This is a great movie, I've watched it many times. This trailer has a massive spoiler in it though. I can't believe it!!
the filming is no good
The Vulture was married to Aunt May? ;)
i wanna see the whole movie
Love this movie :)
De esta película tengo buenos recuerdos. Y nunca la volvieron a dar.
is this on any vhs tapes or dvds?
It´s a great movie.  Even Jason Alexander appears ¡¡¡

This trailer is okay. But I love the movie. I think Ron Howard tried for his Robert Altman movie with "The Paper." I think it's my favorite by him.
havent seen this one in years - thanks for the upload
85266 124 9 0 17
The Paper (br / pt: O Jornal) é um filme americano de 1994, do gênero comédia, dirigido por Ron Howard.

A rotina de The Sun, um tablóide de Nova Iorque, com os problemas pessoais e particulares das pessoas que trabalham neste órgão. Tudo gira em torno de dois brancos assassinados e dois jovens negros que são acusados de terem cometido o crime e a tentativa de alguns repórteres de mostrarem que os jovens acusados são inocentes.

Fonte: Wikipédia

- 'O Jornal' narra o dia frenético em um tabloide de Nova Iorque - http://bit.ly/TGFOAi
PT2M46S
sd
MovieID::::143
i like you richie
The very last Macaulay Culkin movie that I actually liked. The last movie I liked him in also
Barron Trump is the real life Richie Rich
Mkk_kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk eu amokkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk viu kkkkkkkkk amo
Jente nao da. Pra intender nada. Si eubpodessev seria a.  Irman
Wow, I wish I had a mobile phone like Richie's.
remember this movie come out my mama take me and older brother turn 26 and my turn 28 3 mouth
I just realized the house of Richi Rich is actually Biltmore house! haha I just put those two together.
i love richi er ist süss mc collin calkin
<3
Im not a boy its my brothers name cause he moved to nz but im in california. All I gotta say is your hot and will u marry me ritchie rich. I just watched it today and im like I wish I was that girl in your age.
Now richie rich new show on netflix.
http://putlocker.is/watch-richie-rich-online-free-putlocker.html
This movie tormented me as a child lol. Not recommended for kids in want.
RIP Edward Hermann
I just watched the whole movie
Luv the movie hate the actor
They don't make them like they used to <3
The 90's had the best movies
The trailer spoiled the movie….Big time
I want someone to download it
Immorality at its finest
trailers were lame back then
if possible i need the how can I get & download full movie
Has anyone ever wondered how he got out of his house with all the cameras inside so he could give Herbert the acid toothpaste?
@Khongor Shatar Bill Gates isn't the richest person in the world.
I always wanted a house like richie rich's , but I live in a house somewhat like his
This was one of my favourite childhood movies! I can't believe it was a failure!
This movie has a lot of stereotypes about rich people.
I mean Bill Gates is richest person but doesn't live in a castle with bunch of servants.
I fact majority of the rich people are not like that
20 years rihchie rich was made
I LOVE THIS MOVIE !!!!!!!!
try the website viooz, i swear that website has every film on you can think of, good quality aswell
Where can I find this movie ?
It's a cool movie!
How come some people hate this film? When I was a kid I wanted to be Richie Rich, but now I'm just a dude who lives with his parents :D
The half of you are clouded by nostalgia goggles. Anyway that being said, I do love this film.
perfect casting
I have very little recollection of watching this as a kid, but something tells me it was awesome!
existe en dessin animer.
c'est un magnifique movies a regarder en famille.
For me they were the best films, you can keep the modern crap then..
indeed, 90's.. the best years, by far

Kinda odd how Draco Malfoy as a child looked just like him.
Who else came here cuz of  grill this trout by thecomputernerd01
Miss these days!
To bad he turned into a drugo
woa woa woa woa I dont get it is hhe vegeterian???
dude. the rich had those phones back then. i dont want to know what the working class had
I like how the story is just laid out for you in trailers like this. Even the ending was pretty much shown.
AWW 0:31 *___*
Home alone kid
McDonald's right in the home!!!! Yea
Is this some of the best trailer narration or what?
Too bad what happened to him :( !
Mitt Romney's kid....
omg seriously :'''''''( ENVY YOU ALOTT tell him i said hey! hahaha
He is my uncles friend he is really nice, I've met him 4 times and meeting him again this weekend! He is such a nice person if only he would stop with the drugs... I will miss him soo much if he passes away but hopefully I will help him and give a bit of encouragement from all his fans... Including me I LOVE YOU MAC! Xxx
films they make today are rubbish to the likes of films they made in the 90s
this is one of my favorite movies
Jonathan Hyde steals the film as Cadbury.
well now i dont have to watch the movie, it basicly showed the whole thing here
Macauly culkin is dead ):
i want to watch this movie again, but, i don't know where i can watch this...any links??
I came here because of Mitt Romney.
what a great movie what an awful sequal
Lol Roan Montgomery =P
FUCKING MOVIE SUCKED
Well guys it's on right now on ITV 2
i wish i was born during 1980 : (. *sigh*

it seems like in all these movies, he is hurting the bad guys
this movie fucked him over

He Got His Own Mcdonald's ROFL
i know right, times where nothing mattered =) *sniff sniff*
I still want my own Mcdonalds.
@GUITARHEROGOD10 I'm with you also hate when a movie is released and much tells you everything that will happen
loved this movie as a kid
Look at his smart-phone :D
great movie remind me so much
They basically spoiled the whole movie. -.-
I watch this every night before I go to sleep :D
@SonicSidewinder Me too!!!!! That was like my childhood!
@afmrahman see saved! (:
i miss Buggs popping out of the Warner Bro's logo.
omg I loved this movie
aww i want to walk a couple rooms down for a mc chicken.  i prob wold of had a heart attack before they made the sequels haaaa
From the producer of Lethal Weapon!
Watching this trailer brings back memories, I used to watch this all the time as a kid and a part of me wants to watch it now
599678 583 66 0 111
the trailer of the movie Richie Rich
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::144
2616 14 1 0 0
Safe Passage Trailer 1994
Director: Robert Allan Ackerman
Starring: Jason London, Nick Stahl, Robert Sean Leonard, Sam Shepard, Sean Astin, Susan Sarandon

Official Content From Turner Home Entertainment

A woman about to start a new career must re-evaluate her life and everything she holds dear when one of her sons is missing and feared dead. Another fine performance by Sarandon.

Movie, Safe Passage Movie,Safe Passage Trailer,Safe Passage 1994, Robert Allan Ackerman,Jason London, Nick Stahl, Robert Sean Leonard, Sam Shepard, Sean Astin, Susan Sarandon
PT3M1S
sd
MovieID::::145
There isnt a lot of movies like this - a great thriller
A great movie
This movie was pretty good. Bacon plays an excellent villain.
The actor who played the young kid in this movie is now directing and he should direct a prequel that shows Wade, Terry, and their guide Frank's background story/ the robbing of the cattle auction that they mentioned a couple times/ the events leading up to the beginning of this film with the movie ending where they all end up at the river, plan their escape, and become acquainted with the family. I think that'd be pretty sweet popcorn flick. I know wouldn't get good reception, but it would just be something entertaining. Better than most of the shit they have today anyways LOL.
Was it film in grants pass ?
Kevin Bacon is awesome in this movie ....
Bacon was such a good villain in this.
This movie was number 1 the day i was born... Hmmm, maybe i should see it?
i rather see the whole movie even though i haven't see this movie in like forever & i remember that Kevin Bacon played & "BAD" guy in this one & some of the scenes i didn't care for other then that it was an O.K movie!
Big L's track, "5 Fingers of Death" brought me here
Some movies it is better you dont see the trailers because they spoil some things. Mine opinion is from this movie you better dont see the trailer. But a movie like lets say *Teenage Ninja Turtles* yea better check trailer before seeing a crap movie and lose 8€ (when you see it in cinema).
what the hell was she describing?! It sounded nasty...
They'ev been making blockbuster movies for many decades now... But trailers really sucked up until the last decade or so!
A entertaining underrated Action/Thriller in my opinion. Always loved this movie
Brilliant film but so criminally underrated at the same time. Meryl Streep did a great job. I always said that she should have done more Action/Thriller films. David Strathairn was no less impressive and Kevin Bacon was great as a creepy bad guy. I miss the 90's so much!
I love this movie! Too bad it's getting harder and harder to find a copy of it anymore.
Oh, the days when Meryl wasn't pinning for recognition to go with her previous recognition from the seventies and eighties.
kevin bacon is awesome!
best action movie!! favourite performance from Meryl!!
180813 167 24 0 25
#1994movietrailer #trailers #trailer #movietrailer #previews
Find More @ #cappazack

TV Spot - https://youtu.be/KU9cGGN4e08
2nd TV Spot - https://youtu.be/IPCorzztfEc
Theatrical Trailer - https://youtu.be/_ItXkYO1Xj0

THEATRICAL TRAILER for The River Wild a 1994 thriller film directed by Oscar nominee Curtis Hanson and starring Meryl Streep, Kevin Bacon, David Strathairn, John C. Reilly, Benjamin Bratt and Joseph Mazzello. From Universal Studios.

PLAYLISTS OF #CAPPAZACK
Movie Studio Themes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFTtknAGYgI&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARfyxmH1uTN6l2jOHtiGuEZ
1990’s Movie Trailers - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPPuc-XYvH0&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARDxHJy0s8LlgTbkvhREMz-
1990’s Movie Trailers – TV Spots - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_18TLoKG6E&list=PLvwH9mvgvpATkQMgBPcWWwevyXdJIO-xr
2000’s Movie Trailers - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCjiNBiEUaQ&list=PLvwH9mvgvpAScVUn0qDi1sODi45RUIu7A
2000’s Movie Trailers – TV Spots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpvPzsBZBh4&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARLKyZDmpBr016IRZaDxdbS
2010’s Movie Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFyB8N1AgWg&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASQw6R-ZYVqV_oATPVHjf5f
TV & Video Misc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcnKd4pScKs&list=PLvwH9mvgvpARb8bn3rjO062pogqWYMjHw
TV Show Themes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2YJGMS8FHU&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASojZ7oTBOFX0xnlTT9hYBw
Classic Movie Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b8CaVvPCR8&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASWJIx8N_DZdaqy475UDYnF


Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.
PT3M10S
sd
MovieID::::146
JEAN CLAUDE VAN DAMME ROCKS IN TIMECOP FILM !!!!!
https://www.google.com/search?q=Crusade+in+Jeans&rlz=1C1NHXL_trTR804TR804&oq=Crusade+in+Jeans&aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60j0l4.451j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8
looks like a typical horrendous van damme movie..did he make one decent movie at all? guy couldn't fight for shit, just kicks which are all for show any mma fighter would school his french frog ass!
Warren sent me
Fantastic movie with a intriguing plot line. Van Damm was in his price and delivered a great acting job. Ron Silver also was wonderfully self asorbed and evil...just like odumbo is.
"In the year 2004, time travel is a reality....."
In the year 2014, time travel is not a reality.....unless someone in 2004 went back in time and made sure that the time machine was never built.....
That is an excellent trailer. Takes me back for sure.
It's Producer by Sam Raimi the guy who made Evil Dead 1 & 2 Crimewave Darkman Army of Darkness Spider-man trilogy's & Oz the great and powerful.
IN THE YEAR 2004 TIME TRAVEL WILL BE A REALITY.....LOL
mia sara lindissima
i love this movie!! saw it in the theaters in 94 & loved it then, still do. reminds me of the good ol days. i watch this movie till this day & it still gives me yhat same feeling from when i was 13. awesome!! :o)
its 2013.......

not only can we go back in time, but humans can fly too..psh
You got the Time! Now you're a cop.
Cracking action with JC.
Dude, after doing all this kun-fu-time-travel-gold-hunter-freedom-seeker-avenger-his-future-wife, this police officer need a raise.
according to back to the future
its close to 2013, yet we dont have it :(
I saw this movie tomorrow

WOOOOOEEEEEEOOOOOO
quality movie... much better than looper.
The black dude says, "It turns out if you go back in time and you change something, it's serious! It's like throwing a stone in the water, causing ripples. Only the ripples are in time." Mind boggled! And then WHAT? We're in 2004 where the voices on answering machines are more sultry and sexy than ever? But not as sexy as VD flexing his ass cheeks on a kitchen counter while he evades a super high-tech tazer gun. "Don't taze my Belgian balls, bro!"
I could watch this movie twenty damme times!
im writing a screenplay for the remake of this its more realistic
i love van damme!!

ha! i remember an episode of Quantum Leap where all the futuristic shit was in 1999!!! how hopeful ppl were in the 80's! LOL
2004? nah the iphone and other smart phones weren't around until the end of the decade.
in 2004 we had flip phones.
Last I saw him he was in 2009's completely awesome Universal Soldier: Regeneration. He will also be in Expendables 2. Also, he has a really pretty daughter now.
it's the soundtrack from Aliens in this trailer.
Great movie!  Holds up extremely well.  The creepy greedy senator reminds me of the unethical dishonest fraud and liar obama.
In the year 2004, the only thing that was impossible was a touch screen phone that also serves as a pocket computer and a digital music player.
Remember that one time back in 2004 where we discovered time travel?
two best friends anyone
Irving Aaronson - Lets Misbehave

clearly someone went back in time. and destroyed and chance of time travel... gj fucking moron...
James Cameron should sue them for using that music in this trailer!
3 copies of Timecop for $19.99!
@Idiotproproductions 2015
@EternalDarkness316 LoL muahahahahahaha true
In the year 2004.. Petrol prices went up promoting the use of.....TrainTravel.....
in 2013 we humans will fly like superman
lmao they should have reached a little farther in the future...
i love how they got the music from aliens in it lol
That Was awesome you talk very clearly
thanks for guide.
Whoa what an awesome video!
That...was...so...epic!
i pus this video on stumbleupon
this movie touched me places i never knew i had

Its 2011.... The U.S government can't keep its money straight, the weather is making everyone its bitch, and we have yet to even see any sort of flux capacitors, hover convertions... let alone some dude with a jerry curl mullet go back in time and whoop some ass...
why is there music from Aliens in this? <3 Mia Sara :)

in 2004 time traveler,,lol,,,,i wish,,haha,,but still this movie rocks,,
1 person can't travel back in time to save his wife.
i bought this movie in a double pack with Bloodsport at walmart for 5 bucks,best purchase i ever made!
OMG time treavel is possible?!
nope, we still don't have time travel yet
Pretty good film, but the sequel was absolute shit.
Now we know how Obama got elected.
in the year 2004! lmaof
177795 253 12 0 63
TimeCop Trailer with Jean Claude Van Damme
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::147
Interesting Movie
3478 6 0 0 1
Teaser for Bad Company (1995) captured from the Highlander – The Final Dimension (1994) VHS tape released in (1994).
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::148
Incredible movie......Albert Finney is amazing in it .
Ridiculous that such a great actor never won an Oscar.  RIP Albert Finney, one of the greatest of all time.
A film of no importance.
12877 56 3 0 7
A Man Of No Importance Trailer 1994
Director: Suri Krishnamma
Starring: Albert Finney, Brenda Fricker, Michael Gambon, Tara Fitzgerald, Rufus Sewell,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Touching tale of a middle aged English bus driver who finally comes to terms with his homosexuality and more importantly, his mortality. Great performances.

Movie, A Man Of No Importance Movie,A Man Of No Importance Trailer,A Man Of No Importance 1994, Suri Krishnamma,Albert Finney, Brenda Fricker, Michael Gambon, Tara Fitzgerald, Rufus Sewell,
PT2M38S
sd
MovieID::::149
this movie was awful but i loved it
Everything matters!!!! REeeeeee
“I’d like to live forever, but only for a while” - amazing quote
Great Acoustic version of Like Suicide by Chris Cornell in this film. I have the soundtrack somewhere
Odd flick.  I remember hating this movie when I was 11.   I’m 35 and I love it now.  The soundtrack alone makes it fun... but this movie is an eerie revenant of 90s angst.  You had to be there to remember it.
Saw this movie because of R.E.M., Michael Stipe  was wearing the hat at the VMA's in '93, when it came out on VHS I rented it, haven't seen it since.
REESE WITHERSPOON JUST THAT BEAUTIFUL AS WENDY PFISTER S.F.W 1995 FILM !!!!
so fuckin' what?
name of the second song?
Saw this movie on a local cable channel that shows only movies and I was instantly hooked great movie and amazing musoc
This was a random movie I saw that was on HBO or somewhere like that. It really got to me on the insanity of the media and how regardless they can be. A reflection of what’s to come but as a teenage angst style film. This really is an underground movie one should see at some point.
aqui dejo un link (09-01-2018) para ver online. No tiene subtitulos, no pude encontrarlos y hacerlos calzar. Saludos. http://123hulu.com/watch/JdAQVydL-s-f-w.html
I really want to see this movie, I love old Reese Witherspoon movies. I can't find it anywhere. I looked everywhere. Can anyone help me and tell me where I can DL this?
the crow... interview with a vampire... crying freeman... dark city... so fucking what... the 90's was the best we ever had.
That's A Light in the Black from Ritchie Blackmores Rainbow, that starts this trailer out. Great song.
One of the only things i remember about this movie was it was before the internet was really the thing it is now. instead of a website to tell you about the movie. there was a 1-800 number you could call and it would tell you about the movie. and, like a menu, different numbers would tell you about the characters. the ad was in the back of spin magazine i think. Ah the '90s
one of the best movies iv ever seen
you know stephen and reese make a good couple wonder why they never dated in real life.
One of my top ten favorite movies of all time

God I'd somehow forgotten all about this film...probably watched it a dozen times between '93 & '95. Pretty damn fantastic yet dark movie.
Terrorism, reality programming, anti-celebrity B.S. ...and Witherspoon was hot in '93.
One of the BEST movies EVER!!!
46877 183 11 0 32
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

S.F.W. Trailer - Directed by Jefery Levy and starring Stephen Dorff, Jake Busey, David Barry Gray, Jack Noseworthy, Richard Portnow. An alienated and misanthropic teenager gains sudden and unwanted celebrity status after he's taken hostage by terrorists where his indifference to their threats to kill him makes news headlines.

MGM - 1994
PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::150
Jug heads revenge tucked away!
Where you belong
thank you so mcuh!!!!
I usta live by this house in the foto: cap Hill denver, still do, but they changed it up in the last couple years so you can't tell it from it's twin a duplo next door!
Heard this one back in high school, probably bought it when it came out, and still prefer it to the second LP. But hey. Trombino's recording is very different and I can see why some might prefer Weston.
Somebody needs to upload the original 7" recording of Temporary or Monsters. Those versions are SO insane!!!
14750 237 1 0 11
90's emo / post-hardcore brilliance from Kansas City, MO. In my mind it doesn't quite hold up to "Departures..." (which I uploaded a few months back), but still a damn fine record.

Tracklist:

1.) Golf Hill Drive
2.) Tucked In
3.) A Quarters Worth
4.) Without Doubt
5.) Lister
6.) Breaker Breaker
7.) Cloudy And 47
8.) Temporary
9.) Clay Hill
PT34M8S
sd
MovieID::::151
Musique totalement inappropriée !!! Pas du tout dans l esprit de l œuvre!
C'est quoi cette musique de merde sur la bande annonce ?
C'est plus entêtant que les dialogues et ca fout en l'air tout le contexte de l'histoire ...
terrible music for the film
une question :
C'EST QUOI CETTE MUSIQUEEEE !
14257 23 3 0 4
Le colonel Chabert, 1994, trailer
movie starring Gérard Depardieu as Chabert
IMDB - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0109454/
PT1M15S
sd
MovieID::::152
1101 13 1 0 0
Adam Ant's cameo in Desert Winds. "YOU TOOK MY BLUE JACKET TO THE DRY CLEANERS?!" lol
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::153
Horrible movie
Hey look, it's a Freddy Krueger wannabe.
When i was a child i watched this fucking bullshit with DVD (DVD is three part). My dad even maked Morty's puppet.
4396 32 1 0 3
The Fear Trailer 1994
Director: Vincent Robert
Starring: Vince Edwards, Eddie Bowz, Anne Turkel, Darin Heames, Antonio Todd, Anna Karin

Official Content From Ardustry Home Entertainment

A weekend of 'fear therapy' turns into a nightmare of terror when a mannequin comes to life. Only those with the courage to confront their demons will survive.

Movie, The Fear Movie,The Fear Trailer,The Fear 1994, Vincent Robert,Vince Edwards, Eddie Bowz, Anne Turkel, Darin Heames, Antonio Todd, Anna Karin
PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::154
4252 13 2 0 0
Girl In The Cadillac Trailer 1995
Director: Lucas Platt
Starring: Bud Cort, Erika Eleniak, Michael Lerner, William McNamara, Valerie Perrine,

Official Content From Prism Entertainment

A runaway teenage girl and a drifter rob a bank, hit the road to elude the Texas Rangers and find love on the run.

Movie, Girl In The Cadillac Movie,Girl In The Cadillac Trailer,Girl In The Cadillac 1995, Lucas Platt,Bud Cort, Erika Eleniak, Michael Lerner, William McNamara, Valerie Perrine,
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::155
Okay, so this is the real trailer, and it makes the movie look good, but was the movie meant to be taken seriously, or was it more of a satire than a drama?
Homage Trailer 1996
Director: Ross Kagan Marks
Starring: Blythe Danner, Bruce Davison, Frank Whaley, Sheryl Lee, Danny Nucci,

Official Content From Arrow

The young caretaker at the estate of a reclusive woman develops a dangerous obsession with her daughter, a sexy television star. Unexpected twists and turns.

Movie, Homage Movie,Homage Trailer,Homage 1996, Ross Kagan Marks,Blythe Danner, Bruce Davison, Frank Whaley, Sheryl Lee, Danny Nucci,
PT1M21S
sd
MovieID::::156
Hahaha too low budget movie
Very good movie with Intresting plot,
My wife and I were extras in this movie. We were in the restaurant scene. Mr Olmos and Miss Young were very cordial. We enjoyed the experience.   This movie was filmed in the Palm Springs - Coachella valley area of Southern California.
3146 10 0 0 3
Mirage Trailer 1995
Director: Paul Williams
Starring: Edward James Olmos, Sean Young, James Andronica,  ,  ,

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

A troubled ex-cop is hired by a man to protect his schizophrenic wife. He finds himself irresistibly drawn to her seductive power and gets in over his head. Never take your work home with you.

Movie, Mirage Movie,Mirage Trailer,Mirage 1995, Paul Williams,Edward James Olmos, Sean Young, James Andronica,  ,  ,
PT1M57S
sd
MovieID::::157
the movie has way too little swordfighting in it.
the sorcerer in the beginning and those henchmen of kane die instantly. and when kane and connor actually clash kane uses mostly his illusion bullshit but still got countless wounds in his fight againnst macleod. he is the weakest evil immortal in the movies.
That was the most '90s thing I have ever seen.
there should have only been one..
The first Highlander from 1986 is the best. All the other sequels are not worth watching. They don't have the same energy, the same vibe that the first original had. They might actually even ruin your impression of the movie if you watch them. The second and the third movie are not even connected in any way, just different alternative stories.
Better than Quickening at least.
Funnily enough, the overseas "Sorceror" cut did not even contain many of the visual FX shots seen in this particular trailer -- shots like Connor being lifted upward (and others) are only found in the U.S. cut (_Highlander: The Final Dimension_), and were completed much later, following the first overseas release in time for the early 1995 U.S. debut.
The trailer pretty much ruins the ending.
Fuck this movie and fuck this "franchise". The popularity of this franchise only proves that the coke was way better back then.
GAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY.
37656 88 4 0 11
Original theatrical trailer for the 1994 film "Highlander III: The Sorcerer."  Starring Christopher Lambert, Mario Van Peebles, Deborah Kara Unger, Mako.  Directed by Andrew Morahan.
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::158
the person who plays Debbie, plays Jesse in Toy Story 2, 3, Toy Story of Terror (and Toy Story 4 coming soon)
This is so much better than part 1 !
My god, they out Tim Burtoned Tim Burton!  All without Johnny Depp or Helena Boham Carter.
She means just wait someone will die .
that girl better stay making like a tire and roll out before wednesday does what she plan to do XD
Great lines in a funny sequel.
Which Girl? The daughter = Wednesday, The mum = Morticia, and Babysitter = Debbie
I think its a deleted scene that they only used for the trailer. I have both official movies on dvd.
It was a cut scene from the movie.
Yeah Ive always wondered that myself.
at ~ 1:34 Debbie gets locked into the bed. What version of the movie actually has that scene? all the one's I've found and rented over the years has it omitted :/
who is the name the girl
God, this never gets old :'D
the experience
I know, the actors are the best! hahaha, im actually watching the Adams family values like right now! XD
Love the parents XD
This movie looks good! Just discovered it C:
@MrsSafireMilburn Same here
@taublaroni759 1:42 tot 1:44
@LoveLittleLeahHope
I know- she has "exotic" looks but she is really pretty and she is like my inspiration....I want to be an actress because of her.
@CarmiValentine Lol I noticed that too!
Amanda is the girlscout of the first movie!!
meinemuttet... SO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@TwilightIndustries Sister Act was cool too... :)
I remember going to see this with my brother when I was 6, I didn't meet the age restriction so we had to sit through Sister Act 2 instead. Epic fail. :(
god i love this guys! specially wednesday
@luyben12
Rest in Peace(s) you wonderful man.
wednesday kissed a boy!
Amanda: I'll be the victim!
Wednesday: ... all your life.

It's true! Trailers DO always lie!!!
yes i like Christina Ricci too

@TheLovelylove I still can watch these movies over and over again. They are Brilliant. The more I watch them the more I love them. :)
I am still pissed that Joan Cusack and Christina Ricci didn't get Oscar nominations for this movie,they were incredible!
"Why are you dressed life somebody died?"
"Wait."
@axconaxcon : 13
girl:Why are you  dressed as if somebody died?.......Wednsday:wait XD i love wednsday shes my fav character in the Addams family!
Is Fester a werewolf?
how old was christina here
how old was christina ricci here???13-14?:-s
I love The Addams Family and I love Christina Ricci!!! XD
This video got recommended to me after I watched a TAS of Super Mario RPG.
wtf?
i watched all the Adams families movies
I love this movie. They cast both of these movie perfectly
i don't think they should do new addams movies cause that would ruin my memories
i love both parts as crazy!!!
@toastgirl87 I'm thinking Johnny and Helena, those two are always in his movies. Besides Ricci as Morticia, I dont see it, cuz I will always think of wednesday.
@toastgirl87 I read it was going to be stop motion animation. It should definitely be a new twist from previous incarnations. With Burton at the helm it should have a great mix of dark, creepy and funny. I'm looking foward to it.
Amanda: Why are you dressed like somebody died?

Wednesday: Wait
@LoveLittleLeahHope Angelica is a goddess!!!!
@SecondBananaAddams RIGHT? Now he's in it again, ON BROADWAY!!!!
@LoveLittleLeahHope THATS IT!!! I could never understand, she's ugly and beautiful at the same time!!!
lol,luv it!!!
ITS AN ADAMS !!!  MY REACTION HOLY SHIT !!! I LOVE THIS MOVIE ITS TO FUNNY   RAUL JULIA R.I.P BISON AND  GOMEZ    ADAMS
HEEHEE!
That's my favorite line!!
@LoveLittleLeahHope Ugly or beautiful, she will always scare the fuck out of me :P
the guy that played joel glicker was in 10 things i hate about you as the av geek/Shakespearean enthusiast idk his name.
@siflandolli no joan cusack
Who the hell digs up a person for a freaking ring?! One bad ass gold digger thats who.
Joan Cusack is fab in this movie! So glam' too. "I want you dead, and I WANT YOUR MONEY"
a really great movie, like it!
is this moviee good?

funnyy??

czz my friends are coming andd i ogt this movie for 2morow,,

some1 told me that its funnyy;p
Well, I guess the Adams Family isn't really scary (although it was considered)...
@BigBrotherFan33 yer he was in the santa clause as well.
@Hateeternal2009 because its 2010 lol
I like the bit at summercamp-

Wednesdays at that stage where there's only one thing on her mind
Boys?
Homicide.
Lmaooooooo
that last part was nice.
u and me both buddy!
All of the scenes from this trailer are in the film... at least in the version we had in the U.S.
I used to have a HUGE crush on Christina Ricci when this movie came out
The little blonde girl at the summer camp went on to play Harmony, the ditzy vampire of Buffy fame.
And the bit where the cuffs strap Debbie to the bed and she screams -
wednesday is great! and so is the Addams! wish i have a family like this
Christina Ricci  is sooo cool! Especially at the scene in the end! I love how she tried to smile in the summer camp and turned out that she's beautiful after all, if not for the paleness... I was really suprised by how she really really  looks like my badminton partner, everybody in my team(girls) screams when I show them the movie, telling them that my partner was in the movie... Ha ha ha! Great movie!
this is coooool :x
Love them!!!!
yeah she couldn't say better!!!!
lol
I love christina ricci!
The scene in the traler when Lurch take the picture of Fester and Debbie isn't in the movie..
i luv the bits at the summercamp. so funny

Amanda: "Why are you dressed like somebody died?"



Wensday: "Wait."



XD
'lifesaving!' 'I'll be the victim.' 'All your life.'



I so love Wednesday. And I really like Christina Ricci in this role. =)
LOL! and that girl DID die in the mobie!
Check out the Sweded version of the trailer by BeKindReWindmill...
hhahahahaa then someone died  in 10 min.
i have all the adams family in my popcorn hour (a movie thingy)
the person who plays Morticia is ugly now. i like the Addams Family back in the 1960s.
hahahahahahahahhahahaha!!!!!!! =D at 1:40!  "Why are you dressed like somebody died?" "Wait" hahahaha love tht part!
where can i find the movie?
the geek boy played joel glicker today is in "numb3rs"
I remember seeing this movie when it was in theaters back when I was 6!
Joan Cusack was great in this movie!
Her name is Wednesday!!!!
"Why are you dressed like somebody died?"
"Wait."
Wednesday Addams is my inspiration, even if she's fictional.
I only love Debbie's large mansion.
I love this movie.
it's so funny how Wednesday can say so much dark and scary stuff n keep a sright face! when ever i hear her say something n crack up laughing!! XD
hey guys i have some soundtracks for the movie go check it out enjoy =) great movie Angelica Huston
I grew up on this movie!!! Wednesday was my fucking idol. Her attitude anyway. I'm a guy.
517267 593 36 0 115
Great movie.
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::159
So is this is where dj khalid got his idea from?
I never saw this before
9238 64 4 0 4
You So Crazy Trailer 1994
Director: Thomas Schlamme
Starring: Martin Lawrence,  ,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From HBO Video

Loud, raw and outrageous, Martin is live and uncensored in this expanded stand-up. He covers the 'L.A. looters', people who talk loud at movies, women who want men and how men want their woman. Not for the easily offended.

Movie, You So Crazy Movie,You So Crazy Trailer,You So Crazy 1994, Thomas Schlamme,Martin Lawrence,  ,  ,  ,  ,
PT1M22S
sd
MovieID::::160
interesting... I thought just todays trailers are revealing the whole film. No need to watch this one now I guess..
27253 38 2 0 2
Full HD 1080p @ 24 fps widescreen 16:9
PT2M23S
hd
MovieID::::161
Was the trailer shot in 21:9? no, they just cropped the tops of people's heads off
90s trailers, telling the hole story and every joke so u don't need to watch the movie.
This movie is a genuine comedy classic, and it beats the fuck out of virtually any stupid comedy of the 2010s.
The "man the demo's wasted!" line has somehow been stuck in my head for 20 years. I watched the movie for this first time today and suddenly remembered being hugely irritated by the trailer in 1998 when that line came up. *shudder*
I first seen this trailer, on Home Alone VHS when I was about 6. Still to this day haven't seen this film! I have alway thought about this film and one day will get to watch it.
This trailer literally has every joke in the movie and tells like 3/4 of the entire story
holy shit ive known about this movie most of my life, and some how never knew Adam and Steve was in it. Then i finaly watch the trailer and bam fucking Kramer is in it too.
Does anyone happens to know what's the song in the ending credits of the movie?!
I'd appreciate an answer!
i can´t believe adam sandler used to be hot once
Who'd win in a wrestling match?
this movie is fucking shit the whole movie there just at the studio fs I just watched it cuz adam sandler was in it what a legend
Pretty much shows the entire movie in this trailer
I'm laughing at this and I honestly have no  idea why.
This movie rocks!
Haha, I loved this movie-I was in my early teens, teaching myself guitar & rockin' out bcuz there wasn't anything better to do than write songs! Then a movie with Adam Sandler, Brenden Fraser, Steve Buscemi, & Chris Farley comes out & it's a RocknRoll comedy! That & Empire Records, Beavis & Butthead reruns, The Wall, videos, concerts all on VHS tapes recorded from friends who had more than 3 channels on TV!
One of the worst, meaningless, stupidest, boring movies ever made...
smart people stay away
The Lone Rangers
this has the same story line as pain and gain lol
hahahahahhahaha wow is this movie ever funny !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How is there not more Airheads stuff on here
Check out our Parody Music Video of this movie!  Head over to our youtube page, thanks!
Steve pulled people out of the World Trade Centre

Steve is a hero
Right? It has such a great cast.
Why does every movie starring Brendan Fraser use that galloping song in the trailer?
this was such a bad movie
I love this movie!! I like in the movie when that surfer guy said "Where you going you Little butt nut" to funny
the fuck...?
This Movie changed the World!!!!!!!!!
YT wouldn't let me post the link but heres the story

Bea Arthur Nude Sells For Nearly $2 Million At Auction


Legendary Tony and Emmy Award-winning actress may be best remembered by fans around the globe for her performances onstage and onscreen in MAME, MAUDE and GOLDEN GIRLS, yet to an annonymous bidder at an auction at famed Christie's auction house last night Bea Arthur in the altogether was worth nearly $2 million.

$1,915,750 to be exact.

I was the editor of the school magazine!
but but...theres 3 of them.....theyr not exactly the LONE rangers...hahahahaha
Generation x
Brendan Fraser is fucking hot, its a great movie but couldnt stop thinking how hot he looks. he looks great with long hair
Lonerangers and PanterA have the same bass player.
you look like half a butt puppet!     Best line ever
It's just you.
They should do a sequel. See what they've been up too.
I havent watched this movie in seconds!! NEED MY FIX MAN!!!
hahaha i remember watching it years ago but not realizing who either of these guys were!! now thousand years and movies later i want to rewatch it cause im sure ill appreciate it differently especially after falling in love with buscemi in everything else his done!
lol Steve Buscemi's the only one who actually looks like a musician. The other two are wearing musician costumes.
Ah, haven't watched this in so long. Great movie.
I can't find the clip anywhere of Chazz wippin his ass with the record contract. Anyone that can help me out? Message it to me if so. THX
Brendan Fraser looks fucking hot with long hair! <3
seriously underrated movie.I loved it!!
you must have never seen Jack and Jill
that movie was amazing
I dont wanna go to jail, I'm fragile LOL
"What the hell happen to my make up!?"
"It fell on the toilet."
Funny moment!!
Worst movie ever? LOL Adam sandler is NEVER going to be in the "worse movie ever"
Music is the weapon!!
Steve Buscemi
I have the dvd. and every time its on directv I watch it. My wife thinks its dumb, I dont funny every time I watch it.
worst movie ever. i remember when i thought this movie was witty. i was 12
it ain't new as I expected!
welcome to airheads wabb style. its sad the station owners sold the station. what a bunch of sell outs. they told us they would not sale the station. gimme a break. we are not dumb.
hajahja a great movie:)
@mrvickysb85 1994
@AngelTattoed TOTALLY AGREE HE IS A "CUTE" HOTTY!!!

I love AIRHEADS!
such a true film!
watch it in HD on Comcast ONdemand.
we need to start a fan site!
@freakyteil EDGE looks WAY More Rock And Roll :D
Do you guys know what I like to do Constantly?
@Drame2k9 Same here ...
@darkgreencrows13 whats your problem dude?
who needs to buy the dvd i just saw it all in 2:24
Who else noticed the Death Metal stickers in the van XD
@greenfairies13 WILL YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP?



WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
¤!!!!!!!*BORN TO RAISE HELL*!!!!!!!¤
Anthrax and Public Enemy, that was outta control, man. Together, you know. You catch that one, G?
FILM FACT : the building in the movie is  fox's HQ  Fox Plaza. And was also use in the movie Die Hard As The Nakatomi Plaza.
Airheads is almost perfect, yeah, "almost" because of that fucking Adam Sandler who has nothing to do there...

By the way, we really need more movies like this !
@0oiluj0 dude I'd say he is more like Peter Tantgren from Hypocrisy
looks amazing
@iweargreentops fraiser had long hair for several movies (enchino man, george of the jungle, this one). maybe it is his real hair. his hair looks about same in each film, other then length.
@0oiluj0 What about the other long hair guy? He reminds me of late Cliff Burton... Dunno why.
a gen-x adaptation of Dog Day Afternoon
i brought this on dvd today. £2.50
I was born on August 5th 1994, 8:59 pm..probably some people were watching this movie while my folks were inside the hospital ahhaa
Lemmy is God!
Great dumbass movie with some heart. Steve Buscemi looks like Dave Grohl.
@MrJDZ123 I love it.
@andrew49848 I couldn't agree more.
its awesome!
movie is hilarious
This movie is to me the best comedy. I watched about 10 times. Never gets old
watching this i lived a part of rock n roll history
Lmaooo I love that little scream at like 00:50 xD hehehee
he looks like cliff burton :D amazing
DAMN JUST REALIZED I WAS BORN THE DATE IT WAS RELEASED 08/5/1994 fellow rockaholics..no bullshit folks
The mummy was much better. nyone who likes this bollocks film is a transexual gypsy prostitute whore bastard.
Came out in 1994.. but yeah.. it's still good in 2009 :P
i love this movie. Man i havent seen it since i was like 3 or 4
Amazing casting. Adam Sandler, Brenden Fraser, Steve Buscemi, Joe Mantegna, Michael McKean, Ernie Hudson, Amy Locane, Chris Farley, David Arquette, Michael Richards, not to mention all of the cameos.
Where was this movie filmed?
Holy crap the best bit is where adam sandler says " IM GONNA STAB YOUR HEADS OFF , WITH MY DIICK!!!!!!!!! "
Amazing and so entertaining Comedy/Music movie. I remember what kind of a crazy experience "Airheads" was when I watched it for the first time and didn't know what to expect. I almost died of hysterical laughter.
Brendan Fraser, Steve Buscemi, Adam Sandler, Judd Nelson, Chris Farley, Nina Siemaszko, Amy Locane, Joe Mantegna and David Arquette were extravagantly funny!!!
382938 751 28 0 152
Radio Rebels a.k.a Airheads trailer, great movie
PT2M24S
sd
MovieID::::162
Beautiful...
So. Much. Cheese.
Remember this preview on my vhs copy of “the chase” charlie sheen, kristy swanson...those were the days
"If your laws don't include me than they don't apply to me either"
I like that movie although it is just a female version of Young Guns :)
I think that was one of Drew's first big movies after she recovered from her issues. I remember watching it at the time and think that she was very talented. For some reason I dont have the same opinion noawadays.
This looks so dumb.
It made me laugh that colonel wants his birthday kiss lolz but Anita refused!!
The trailer sets completely different tone than the movie actually has.
This would be a good Netflix series if someone took a shot at rebooting it
I never knew this movie existed + I also never knew that Drew Barrymore played in the movie either until now. somebody asked me about it. And I told them I never knew that they did a movie like this. I definitely got to check out some of the trailers before I go out and by this. I will say this much it looks good but it doesn't look good so another words I don't know if I should buy it or not yet.
Netflix , telecine por favor incluam esse filme em seu acervo
Three of my favorite actresses....plus Drew B.
Love this film. For more great feminist Westerns, check out Johnny Guitar and Firefly (with added sci-fi goodness).
That is as girlie  as a film can get, I am just sayin!
LOL man they really struggled to edit this movie into an exciting piece of shit.
not the best movie but i like it!
During my Palm Springs, CA time in broadcasting, I reviewed lots of movies.  Some of them good, some of them bad.  This is the only one that I reviewed (on air) which I admitted I had not only not seen the movie . . . I had not seen a trailer.  I flunked it purely on the poster "Bad Girls," with their guns drawn in the Old West.  It was probably because "Thelma and Louise," the worst POS ever to be a box office hit, was not all that distant a memory.
Hooters -the early years
my favorite movie
i like madeleine stowes character cody
This movie was #1 when i was born
(April 22, 1994)
Drew Is super cute in this movie .
What a stupid fake Hollywood feminist bullshit film!... First, point out how unrealistic this is, women wouldn't even have had the mind sets to even DARE to raise tone of her voice like that to a Man.. Lol what a stupid film, and of course nothing like this had ever happened in history!
Onde posso assistir este filme online?
More male-bashing...wonderful.
Drew Barrymore looked the hottest she's ever looked in this movie!

FACT!
If you think about it, these are probably the original feminists.

Someone should research this and write a book about it.

Sometimes you just have to take your rights Robin Hood style.  That's probably how a lot of liberation starts out.
"We ain´t heroes." Always makes me smile^^
Finally ordered it, can't wait!
girls sexy e vagine fashion!
quattro prositute nei panni delle giustiziere ma nake fortemente arrapanti quando le ho viste nel film mi hanno fatto arrapare ma la + sexy rimane lei madeleine morona kapelli lunghi lisci e okki ke esprimono tutto nei panni della baldrakka sexy!
I loved this movie! Does anyone have any recommendations for similar movies?
I thought of Victoria Greyson too!! Need to see this
I loved Madelene Stowe in this one.....
Victoria Grayson! ;D
@Cynbad63 its uploaded :D
@tomkatt747 What?! Are you serious?
LOVE LOVE LOVE this movie!
410620 492 48 0 56
Madeleine Stowe, Mary Stuart Masterson, Drew Barrymore, Andie MacDowell.
PT1M19S
sd
MovieID::::163
Can You Do The Gone With The Wind Trailer From The 1998 VHS Of Lost In Space
Can You Do The Pleasantville Trailer From The 1998 VHS Of Lost In Space
Can You Do The Terminator 2:Judgment Day Trailer From The 1991 VHS Of L.A. Story
Can You Do The Doors Trailer From The 1991 VHS Of L.A. Story
Can You Do The Queen's Logic Trailer From The 1991 VHS Of L.A. Story
Can You Do The Trailers From L.A. Story 1991 VHS?
R.I.P. Robin Williams
1621 1 0 0 8
Teaser for Being Human (1994) captured from the Major League II (1994) VHS tape. This tape is labeled 13356 and released in (1995).
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::164
Who's here after the house sold for 150 million?
“Watch your head granny”
Granny: YEEEEET
Disclaimer: One granny was hurt or killed in the making of this movie  1:18
0:20 why do all the girls have walkie-talkies?
This is a dishonor
Diedrich Bader was the perfect choice for Jethro! I forgot that Jim Varney was Jed, but still another perfect casting for it.
0:10-0:14 That's really Rob Schneider in that movie too.
Granny should shoot all the critics.
https://youtu.be/VZ0M2YCPINU
That was hilarious! #LOL
This was a great reimagining - and brilliant to see the original Jed Clampett Buddy Ebsen reprise his role as Barnaby Jones in this!
THIS MOVIE SUCKED BIG TIME!!!
0:38 that never stops being funny
Watch your head granny!  that kills me everytime
Original was better.
Jesus está  voltando vigiai e orai para que não  entreis em tentação
Jim Varney was one of the greats. He will forever be missed. KnoWhutIMean?
"He was fixin' to bite my hand!"

Me.
Well if it ain't Ms. Frizzle
Ah that trailer voice... I miss him.
Watch you head granny !
Love the the beverly hillbilly
This movie is not nearly as popular as it deserves to be. I think it's genius.
I love this movie. It reminds me of my childhood
137743 384 29 0 40
The Beverly Hillbillies Trailer 1993
Director: Penelope Spheeris
Starring: Buddy Ebsen, Cloris Leachman, Dabney Coleman, Jim Varney, Lea Thompson, Lily Tomlin

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

Screen version of the classic stupid '60's sit-com about a poor hillbilly family that moves to Beverly Hills when they strike oil in their back yard.

Movie, The Beverly Hillbillies Movie,The Beverly Hillbillies Trailer,The Beverly Hillbillies 1993, Penelope Spheeris,Buddy Ebsen, Cloris Leachman, Dabney Coleman, Jim Varney, Lea Thompson, Lily Tomlin
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::165
Zuri Iron Monger & Agent K
Worst movie ever made....along with millions of other Hollywood garbage films.
The end sequence with the "Rube Goldberg type" explosive was so fucking stupid.
What's was the point of it?
And Lloyd Bridges and his awful Irish accent...........................god just shoot me already.
And the bouncing betty scene..............................hahaha what a knee slapper!
I like this trailer and movie much more...classic
this is some of the worst crap i have ever seen
24095 58 4 0 4
Blown Away Trailer 1994
Director: Stephen Hopkins
Starring: Forest Whitaker, Jeff Bridges, Lloyd Bridges, Suzy Amis, Tommy Lee Jones,

Official Content From MGM Home Entertainment

When an explosion rocks Boston, top bomb squad expert Jimmy Dove is forced to go head-to-head with a diabolical terrorist. A murderous confrontation looms when Jimmy discovers the terrorist could be his mentor.

Movie, Blown Away Movie,Blown Away Trailer,Blown Away 1994, Stephen Hopkins,Forest Whitaker, Jeff Bridges, Lloyd Bridges, Suzy Amis, Tommy Lee Jones,
PT1M30S
sd
MovieID::::166
Powers Boothe is still yummy.
The chemistry between Tommy Lee Jones and Jessica Lange is through the roof in this movie.
I played the French NATO Officer on this.  It took me a year of campaigning to get the part.  Ran into Jessica in NYC by sheer chance the other day - in Washington Square Park, she didn't know me from Adam.
jessica lange does a brilliant job of demonstrating what it is like to be a person with histrionic personality disorder.
another legendary performance by ms. lange.  goddess!
Seem to recall something like that, I didn't pay much attention. Didn't go to a theater to see it.  I later rented the video but I couldn't bear watching more than the first 20 minutes, Oscar-worthy performances or not.  A tedious melodrama and a disguised piece of anti-nuclear propaganda.
LOL, 'talk to Jessica'!  Yeah, right.  Extras are a rung below the caterers. There is strict segregation.  The principals (main cast) are 'royalty' and for very good and practical reasons. However, the PAs (production assistants) derisively referred to the nearby school where we were housed and prepped as 'Extras World'. (But in '88 in 'Mississippi Burning', things were more relaxed and, oddly, more professional. Hobnobbed with R.Lee Ermey, Gailard Sartaine and Mike Rooker.)
Like I said, one of the soldiers in that mess near the end of this trailer, somewhere on the right when Lange gets out of the car--too blurry to tell exactly where and dang near 20 years ago. Richardson actually gave me an unscripted line: "Look out!" (I was at the head of the column.) But that angle ended up on the cutting-room floor.
This trailer is not able to show how good this movie is. okay the story is not really amazing but Jessica Lange is great and extremely powerful in her role! That character is in my opinion the best one she has ever played and she is so out-of-control , it's unbelievable!
Jessica Lange is stellar in this movie. Best Actress indeed. Of course, no one paid much attention to this film on account of Forrest Gump dominating 1994.
LOL... I'm in this... I was an extra, one of the soldiers Lange almost runs over in that parade. That was in June '91, outside Selma AL. Orion Pictures went through Chapter 11 and Blue Sky wasn't released until '95... no great loss, what a dopey movie.
62912 55 2 0 13
Tommy Lee Jones and Jessica Lange
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::167
A teljes  filmet  szeretném  látni!!!
Ridiculous movie
what was the reason kim basinger  bowed out  of this movie
This film was terrible and the main actor was shockingly bad
They used to make a shitty trailers once.
Haha...garbage.
Owned broken tool.
Lynch's daughter what do you expect
There is a soundtrack for this movie.
This is absolute crap !
I don't remember the scene with the brunette in the black lingerie being in the movie?
I think she did it on purpose because a dream gives a new meaning to the fantasy: if Helena dreamed about it too, it means the had a common fantasy. She still wanted him, she secretly wanted to be dominated and locked up, be desired by someone she dislikes on the surface. I should know, my name is Helena
"If I cut off you're arms, and cut off you're legs
Would you still love me...anyway?"
DAMMN I WANNA SEE DIS!
great movie different this movie is where kim basinger got sued for not compleating it cost her millions
spoiler,hell scroll just below the comment section and enjoy the movie. Don't read,watch. Just a suggestion!
umm..thanks for the spoilers.

if you say something about a movie..say it on a forum next time.

why don't you tell the whole story in details after all.....I see you started that well
One of the best movies ever made. It's dark/erotic/psychological AWESOME
Julian Sands kinda reminds me of Ralph Fiennes
Misfits!  That song used to freak me out till I saw the dark humor in it.
If I cut of your arms and I cut of your legs, would you still love me anyways? If your bound and your gagged, draped and displayed, would you still love me anyways? Why don't you love me anyways?
I forgot this film was made during the time Orion was doing it's crash & burn.
@MsAcidburn82 Nice. You have Witchboard 2. Ami Dolenz!!!!
@GhibliFan1 It's definitely a good idea. Keep the fucking whore boxed up in my closet and let her wallow in her own filth until she dies, without any limbs and zero chance of ever going back to the life she previously had. How's that bad in any way? :v
@FFFan3445

I don't know, I'm not a shrink, but as a layman I'd say chopping her arms and legs off would NOT be a good idea... LOL
@GhibliFan1 Counseling, years of trying to get better myself, antidepressants and time haven't helped yet. Then again, she's also still fucking with me so what the hell can I do?
@FFFan3445

You need help. Obviously you can't move on. I've had bad relationships and nightmare ex-girlfriends but I move on... it's what normal people do.
@dimransee How's it pathetic to want revenge? Seriously, removing all of Rebecca's limbs would be awesome. Another plus is that she'd never be able to ruin anyone else's life ever again.
@FFFan3445 dude, i don't know either of you but i've only read your comments and you're sounding pretty vile yourself :(
just get over it, let it go, you'll be a better person for it and way happier than holding a dumb grudge and living in the past. and you won't sound pathetic, like you do right now, wishing these things on someone from your past :///
@FFFan3445 i'm embarrassed for you...
@dimransee The director is female, Jeniffer Lynch. I think it's a very interesting concept for a movie. I'll be honest here, I almost wish I could do that to my ex- not to own her but to absolutely ruin her life. I'm sure after I amputated her limbs I'd just drop her off on some highway. :/
god wtf at this movie
it's like people just sit there and think of different, inventive ways to torture/degrade/humilate a happy, independent woman for being independent and intelligent and totally in control of her own shit.
@BillyBobKumar  That's why it's called softporn. Doesn't get you hard...
Una que pudo ser niña simbolo de la teletón

1:26, it's fucking Red from That 70's Show.
@SteinUndStahl666 I liked it - it's different!
@inter670 it's on piratebay- doesn't take too long to download either.
@SteinUndStahl666

It's a VERY strange movie...but I absolutely love it.  It's artsy, but a little dated and has some flaws.  No other film is like it though...very memorable.
@LiveForFunny Yes!

"Dumbass"! =D
@LiveForFunny Yes!

"Dumbass"! =D
@lkuliashvili Try looking at the "boxing helena soundtrack" SEARCH it should come out!!
what the song is at 1:48 ? :( pls
Was that the father from that 70s show?
donde puedo bajar lapelicula
@stipV

Isn't Julian Sands awful in everything though?  Casting him in a lead role is generally a good indicator that the film has problems.

Arachnophobia is an enjoyable movie with him, but maybe because his character dies.
Terrible, terrible movie.  I've seen better acting, writing, and direction in after school specials.
fuck yeah ! this was great movie!
ps: that dr (julian sands ), dont remember  hes name there was sumthin wrong bout his left/right ear? was it  ear disease??
how does this film end whats the story again any one know
This movie was such a waste of time ôO The plot is indescribably terrifying. But there is no arc of tension and the ending just sucks. Sherilyn is adorable as every time, but the movie is just boring in every way. Lynch should have taught his daughter better ^^
Esta Película es muy Interesante, Extraña e Ingeniosa, Sherilyn Fenn es una Brillante y Talentosa actriz.
for this crapy movie Kim Basinger bankrupted!
Do NOT watch this movie. It sucks and is a waste of time.
i THOUGHT that was him! he's in "girl interrupted" too :D
Invincibla, it would have been a great movie had they not totally screw-up the ending.  You  sit though this film and the tension builds and builds and...the director kicks you in the nuts with the ending.
They should of made a sequel lol
nice! thankyou for sharing that lol
I liked this movie,he was so obsessed with her! It's more than just putting her in a box. He tried to control her life.She couldn't walk out on him.I think he was dreaming.He couldn't control her mind,she was dependant on him after he would have cut her limbs off! That's why she asked him ,how do you love me-as a woman or possession?
this movie was so weird but I still like it.
Sherilyn Fenn rocks
This film is so fucked up.......but so fascinating!!!
nice music in this trailer)))
why is it called BOXING Helena?
312358 249 22 0 65
Boxing Helena (movie trailer)
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::168
"I just wanna lay on top of you and see where it goes from there." --- Best line ever.
WOW! Old School! need this on Blu-Ray!
i found the torrent and downloading it now as we speak.
can anybody, ANYBODY, tell me the title of a song, a classic guitar instrumental/intro maybe, playing in one of the scenes. Like a roy orbison guitar solo...Think ive heard it on a couple of movies. I have checked out the calendar girl movie theme song by hans zimmer, CRY FOR YOU, and its not it.
man I can't find this movie anyone help...
Yes I have :) good film

i so much want this on dvd ! man Jason Presility was so smoking hot in this movie whoo!!!!
i love this movie!!!
Holy crap I forgot all about this movie!  Now I want to watch it, bad.
its on youtube free
Amazing film love it , havnt seen it in years
Great movie on the adoration of beautiful women by young men.
I've seen it on cable and rented it on VHS in the past. I love this movie and I haven't seen it in years! I may have the soundtrack CD somewhere too. :-)
I'm so surprised this movie hasn't been released on DVD/Blu-Ray yet! I saw it in theater back in 93. I remember JCPenney had a promo through Seventeen magazine, if you went to the perfume counter and said "Calendar Girl" you got a free sample of Herb Alpert's perfume Listen.
fuck! it seems that eveyone cant find this moviee!!!!! im not the only one tying to find this lol

i freaking love this movie !
fuck i cant find it on dvd or blueray only on vhs haven't seen this movie since 1993 1994
i love this movie <3

if anyone finds this movie online on youtube or any other site for movie streaming let me know please
i just  love it, simple as that
if anyone is looking for this movie check, Amazon or Ebay. It's only available on VHS and fairly hard to find but it's not impossible. I asked my parents for this film for christmas for four years but eventually I found it sitting happily beneath my tree
I wish someone would upload on here I'm suprised nobody hasn't yet this is a classic.  I just want to lay on top of you & see where it goes from there lol great line Roy !
I found it... at blockbuster.. when there were still blockbusters. =[
Dream girl fantasies, rudely awaken pettily, thieving heartfelt realities, real heart stealing, grand openings rude, fantasy girl dream!








Awesome movie !
@EddysVideos   try  ebay  and  amazon.com
@ittybittyzabka   check  Amazon  or  Ebay
@wreckthashop Thank you very much and sorry for the delay.  Greetings from Argentina.
@GustavoFerguson The Wanderer by Dion
@GustavoFerguson
It's DION-The Wanderer
I use to jackoff to Marylin Monroe.
Which is the name of the song at 1:20 can any please tell me? Thank you.
I've always loved this movie. I haven't seen it in ages! This was the first movie were I discovered who Marilyn was. :)
i wanna see this movie so badly :(
I like this movie a lot... you always have to follow your dreams
25311 63 2 0 37
60's style movie
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::169
brings back memories when i had pay per view in 94 this trailer kept playing over and over there was nothing else on lol
6096 7 2 0 1
City Slickers 2: The Legend Of Curly's Gold Trailer 1994
Director: Paul Weiland
Starring: Billy Crystal, Daniel Stern, Jack Palance, Jon Lovitz, Patricia Wettig,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The boys are back in the saddle again blazing down the trail for gold and for laughs. This riproaring comedy sequel is packed full of craziness and zany fun!

Movie, City Slickers 2: The Legend Of Curly's Gold Movie,City Slickers 2: The Legend Of Curly's Gold Trailer,City Slickers 2: The Legend Of Curly's Gold 1994, Paul Weiland,Billy Crystal, Daniel Stern, Jack Palance, Jon Lovitz, Patricia Wettig,
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::170
Jane March Jane March Jane March
One of my  favourite films!
Great movie . Unjustly savaged by critics on release . Stylish direction , some great
action sequences , witty dialogue , top notch erotic scenes plus Ruben Blades in great
form....OK , it does veer into  " so bad it's good " territory from time to time but hey !..
....I defy you to switch off until it's over !  Will become a cult classic one day .
interesting..

411786 142 27 0 5
Color of Night is a 1994 erotic mystery thriller film starring Bruce Willis and Jane March, made by Cinergi Pictures and released in the United States by Hollywood Pictures.



It is one of two well-known works by director Richard Rush, the other being The Stunt Man 14 years before. As a measure of the difference between the two, The Stunt Man had three Academy Award nominations, whereas this film received a 1994 Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture.



To its credit, Color of Night did win a Golden Globe nomination in the category Best Original Song — Motion Picture for its theme song "The Color of the Night," performed by Lauren Christy.



It flopped at the box office but did well in the home video market, becoming a top-five renter.

Maxim magazine singled it out as having the Best Sex Scenes in film history.
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::171
10138 15 0 0 0
Dangerous Game Trailer 1993
Director: Abel Ferrara
Starring: Harvey Keitel, James Russo,  Madonna, Nancy Ferrara, Reilly Murphy,

Official Content From MGM Home Entertainment

A film director realizes that violence in his latest project is becoming reality.

Movie, Dangerous Game Movie,Dangerous Game Trailer,Dangerous Game 1993, Abel Ferrara,Harvey Keitel, James Russo,  Madonna, Nancy Ferrara, Reilly Murphy,
PT1M22S
sd
MovieID::::172
This is an Official Trailer!?
Kinda rough in that case, but still gave a like....
That looked very cool...
Moral Statute Machine: Your repeated violation of the Verbal Morality Statute has caused me to notify the San Angeles Police Department. Please remain where you are for your reprimand. Lmao
"Hey Luke Skywalker, use the Force."
71117 128 6 0 8
Box office action superstars Sylvester Stallone ("Cliffhanger," "Rocky" & "Rambo" film series) and Wesley Snipes ("Passenger 57," "Rising Sun") star as a Los Angeles policeman and his ruthless nemesis in this epic action-packed adventure about their obsessive pursuit and war of vengeance from 1996 -- when they are sentenced to frozen incarceration as inmates of a futuristic penitentiary -- into 2032 when they re-enter a bewildering and pacifist society. Breaking box office records as the biggest fall opening in history, this film is "laced with juicy social satire [and] absurdist humor" (The Hollywood Reporter) and has been called "the most entertaining futuristic action film since the original "Terminator"" (People Magazine). Co-starring Sandra Bullock ("Wrestling Ernest Hemingway"), Rob Schneider ("Saturday Night Live") and stand-up comic Denis Leary. #Trailer #WB
PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::173
Why does she have massive thumbs?
9887 19 0 0 5
From the director of "Good Will Hunting" and "To Die For" comes a star-studded comedy based on the best-selling novel by Tom Robbins. Uma Thurman stars as Sissy Hankshaw, a woman who leaves New York behind as she hitchhikes her way to the lush pastures of a midwestern ranch to model for feminine hygiene advertisements. When she arrives at the beauty-ranch, Sissy is introduced to a band of free-living, free-loving cowgirls rebelling against their drag queen employer and ranch owner, The Countess. Joining the cowgirls in their collective struggle against exploitation, Sissy not only finds liberating comradeship, she also finds romantic companionship. Co-starring in this eccentric adventure are Lorraine Bracco, Keanu Reeves, Crispin Glover, Angie Dickinson, Sean Young, Heather Graham, and Roseanne Barr.
PT1M24S
sd
MovieID::::174
Gostaria de ver o filme completo
soo this is where basic instinct came from LOl
14410 17 1 0 3
Fatal Instinct Trailer 1993
Director: Carl Reiner
Starring: Armand Assante, Carl Reiner, Kate Nelligan, Sean Young, Sherilyn Fenn, Michael Madsen

Official Content From MGM Home Entertainment

Reiner's send up of overblown erotic thrillers, in which a cop/lawyer juggles 2 jobs, 3 women, and all his clients.

Movie, Fatal Instinct Movie,Fatal Instinct Trailer,Fatal Instinct 1993, Carl Reiner,Armand Assante, Carl Reiner, Kate Nelligan, Sean Young, Sherilyn Fenn, Michael Madsen
PT2M21S
sd
MovieID::::175
I have ptsd and this hit home very raw
Way, way overlooked! This has been one of my favorite movies since it came out. So many beautiful moments throughout the film. Jeff Bridges and Rosie Perez are amazing together. My favorite role of Jeff Bridges. Rosie Perez is incredible. A great story, great acting, beautiful writing. It's a phenomenal motion picture.
thanks peterweircave, I love Peter Weirs films..Especially this one.
This movie makes me actually write a comment. Hopefully whoever participated in making such movie can see it. Because this movie is the only movie that has gotten me into the state of silence and tranquility and all this for quite a long time. I can feel peace anytime anywhere now just by triggering the memory of this movie. Thank you for this.
When it comes to fearlessness, there's other "action stars" and there's Jeff Bridges!!! Fearless seems almost like a clone of Unbreakable, but compare: Bruce Willis "unbreakable," or the FEARLESS JEFF BRIDGES!!!! Up to you! But me, I prefer to think that choosy mom's, and dads, choose JEFF!!!
In short, he's the fearlessness we all wish we had, and y'know? That means WE OWN IT!!!
GO, JEFFY! SHOW EM HOW FEARLESS IS DONE!!!!
Anyone pick up on the fact that The Dude and The Jesus are in the same movie....
Brilliant movie.In Italy there isn't a dvd version.It's sad
This was the movie that got me watching airplane tragedy  movies. So good but tragic at the same time. I watched Jeff bridges in the vanishing the same afternoon as this movie. He played the polar opposite character. Very mean person.
If anyone is wondering, Fr Ted references this film in "Flight Into Terror".
Fantastic film, with a fantastic cast paired with a fantastic score released with a fantastic trailer.
The car crash scene where U2 starts playing is emotional as fuck.
This trailer does not do justice to this extraordinary film.
Disgusting sies
i was looking for this, all i could remember was he survived  a plane crash and was allergic to strawberry :V
If you thought Bridges was crazy in this movie you should see what some people do for selfies these days.
one of the most overlooked films of all time !!!
konsekwencje PTSD
You can watch Fearless (1993) Full Movie Here >>> https://twitter.com/anne_lane30/status/768788300727398400
They don't know what it's like to die in their minds. But we do.
My second favourite film of all time. The most raw, powerful and beautifully human movie I have ever watched. One scene in particular had me crying, wailing and panting, giving the strongest emotional reaction I have ever had watching a film. It is a disgustingly underrated film that deserves to be ranked with the classics of cinema and should be seen by everyone.
Underrated. Overlooked. Brilliant.
Looks wonderful! Definitely a gem I haven't heard that much about!! Gotta check it out
How can people not know this U2 song? That's as mind blowing,  as much as this movie is. I've seen it dozens of times.
My name is Max Klein. For real. I was born in 1994. My mother read a review of this film, liked the sound of it. Only just found out, still haven't seen film. I'm an actor now. What is life?
My second favourite film of ALL TIME
0:45 <- Where streets no name
Awesome movie...Jeff Bridges is a master... films like Arlington Road and The Fisher King or his role as "The Dude" in The Big Lebowski...are testimony to this!
Phil K: Really?? One the best songs of  U2 and practically an hymn to a whole generation. Shut up...and go download some Justin Bieber.
For the rest of the toddlers asking around: Where the Streets Have No Name - U2.
One of the most beautiful, tragic films i've seen in years. Jeff Bridges is terrifyingly good in this film. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone who likes a deep, thought provoking film with a tragic yet beautiful story.
bester tiefgründigster film aller zeiten, ... so tiefgründig, das kaum jemand ihn versteht

okay (soweit mal)
why couldnt they pick a finer girl than Rosey Perez
This movie sucker punched me back in '93 and I still return - if only to grasp its many different meanings - about living, about living with or without fear, about how those fears are a part of living as well.   Some images still haunt me: the look on Bridges's face when he catches his co-worker's wife looking distant.... and he remembers parts of the crash.  It's devastating.
Why wasn't Bridges even nominated for this? You screwed up Oscars.
Jeff Bridges's best proformance
Oh and at one point he remembers the flight attendant collecting all blunt and sharp objects and at one point a woman put a pair of scissors, becuz y'know, back in the 90s, the only in flight entertainment was arts and craft or watching the in flight film "Guy surfing... On a surf board".
Oh, how was he able to remember seeing what was going on behind him while he was strapped into a seat? ...I suppose it was to add depth by means that most viewers wouldn't spend the time to notice.
This movie is really twisted, it's good, but... it can really manipulate the easily manipulable and it's like REALLY good so it's easy to get lost in the story and not really think long on what messages are being portrayed, at one point Jeff says "I don't know why god killed my daddy, there was no reason, so I decided god didn't exist."
and anyone who saw the end, wouldn't it be funny if they were actually mocking the viewers, like saying we are such good actors you actually believed the scene?
agree. i would say the exact same thing about jeff bridges, totally underrated actor.
Completely and totally underrated movie.
i always ask,, hey rosie perez, instead of blaming the waitress, did you not have a seat belt around your child at takeoff? if you hate your kids, do not pay for an extra seat,,,,,,,,,,,, but it makes for some good conflict, ,,, life spoiler alert,,,smart people actually watch trailers after they see the movie and not before
Where the streets have no names!!! :)
U2 rules:
1993 - Fearless
1994 - Blown Away
1995 - Batman Forever
Ein schöner und trauriger Film
where the streets have no name
What is the U2 song at the end?

But doesn't this trailer suck? It makes me not want to see the movie, because nothing exciting happens in the trailer. Can you explain to me why it is a good movie?
What is th song name?
Try your local library. It's really worth it!  If your library doesn't have it put in a 'request to purchase'.  You'd be surprised; they will buy all kinds of stuff!
After 20 years, I still agree! :D
I agree! :D I love Jeff Bridges, but hardly anyone seems to know about this incredible performance. It's been my favorite movie for years now. Great, though, that he got an award for Crazy Heart.
Horrible trailer for most extraordinary movie. Eat that strawberry , Max!
That's just like, your opinion, man.
Totally agree w/ Rosie, Jeff, Weir, and the film
rosie annoys me, but she deserved the Oscar for this performance.
Peter Weir is a genius. Sadly, he rarely works.
Jeff Bridges wasn't even nominated for an Oscar, for  his brilliant performance in this remarkable movie. This should have been his first Oscar win. Jeff is one of the best characters ever.
nostalgia critic brought me here!
Peter Wier is so amazing. I have seen all his films except Green Card and Master and Commander.
Buzzy one: You're in the 3% of posters who didn't think this film was brilliant. Enough said - you sad, benighted twit.
it sounds crazy but too long and it didnt show hime do crazy ass things
Illuminati Movie...!!! ~K I L L U M I N A T I~
tjmady: Amen. My favorite film of all-time (and that's saying something, cuz' I'm 53 and have been rabid filmfan since I was 10). Film, director, & actors got shafted by Academy. Peter Weir's masterpiece, JB's best performance of career (yes, imo, better than "Crazy Heart" and "Lebowski" roles), & Rosie, only one nominated, in her career-best role was sooo much more deserving than the other 4, who didn't come close. A-way, one of the deepest films ever - agreed.
Jeff Bridges is awesome!!!
man... i really want to watch this movie... and i could watch it for free on netflix, i wouldnt have to pay a cent... but  jeez idk... rosie perez?
1993's Best Actor - Brilliant performance in a Brilliant film by Best Director, Peter Weir. BSA, Rosie Perez. Oh, and Best Picture!!!!!
One of the most moving films I've ever seen. I literally burst into tears when the credits started to roll, which isn't something I do often. I can't recall any other movie that has made me feel this way...

Soulcornflake1&Gildos2: Whoever & wherever u 2 are, u have excellent taste regarding brilliant films & performances. IMO, Academy purposely snubbed film because of Weir - not an "in-crowder". 93's Best Picture, Director, Actor, & Best Supporting Actress!!! It's ironic that film got one sole nom. & Rosie clearlly outshined other 4; the salt in wound is, they gave Oscar 2 a 12 yr old who sucked.
rbinfo: tad defnsve wen it comes 2 ths flm. 1)Hvn't seen "flwlss fim" yet, be it cuz' of actng, s-play, dirctr, editng, mus'l scre, etc. 2) JB is my Fave actr of all-time. THIS prfrmnce is his BEST(inc L-Ski, CH) 2 date. 3)Ded rite re Acdmy! IMHO, 93's B Pctre, B Drctr(btw, Weir's Masterpiece, who ws jstfibly pissed off tht flm & crew were snubbed). 4)Rosie's bst role evr-dzrvd Oscar. 2. Fearless in my Top 10 of All Time. Compelling look at loss/hartake & how love/cmpssn can soothe/hlp heal. 5
the last minutes of this movie are fucking strongest I've ever seen in any film. just takes the breath.fuck!
i love jeff bridges!
just a dillusional idiot.
One of my Top 10 favorites.  The final five minutes are extraordinary!
@comicactor - exactly - on many levels :))))
At some point in our life, some of us live through an experience, in which we probably should have died.  When that happens, you understand the gift, how fragile it is, and how great it is - for a few moments.
@TomFromJersey Rosie lost the academy award for Anna Paquim (The Piano).
@Hybridnight



THanks. You happen to remember who she lost to?
Was Rosie nominated for this?



I thought I read that once.
Jeff Bridges is awesome.
This movie got to me on so many levels.  Highly recommended.
Not only Jeff Bridges' best movie, Rosie Perez's and Isabella Rossellini's too.
whenever I hear that song, I think of that scene. I think of myself tearing up in the theatre while watching it.

This movie always deserved a broader attention
Jeff Bridges's best movie ever!!!
276714 489 23 0 113
Trailer for Peter Weir's "Fearless", starring Jeff Bridges, Rosie Perez, and Isabella Rossellini.



Slightly better quality than the trailer I posted previously. Just a pity about the obtrusive watermark; I have been searching for trailed on DVD, but have so far come up empty-handed.
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::176
5832 8 0 0 0
Teaser for With Honors (1994) captured from the Major League II (1994) VHS tape. This tape is labeled 13356 and released in (1995).
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::177
Coming on Cassette..... Can't Wait!!!!  I mean...(clears throat)..LQL.
Girls follow Gold, you follow Gold, you follow Girl.
Cassette? What is that?! xDD
I recently got a job as a concierge and my dad keeps telling me to watch this. Lol
That was one of the funniest movies with Michael J. Fox I have ever seen!
Go for the gold, idiot.
great ! love that movie
82815 57 7 0 7
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 21-24: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::178
What's the name of that song that started playing at 1:07
Sakti, mungkin, atau who you mean of, andy lau chinesse?, No you event with God, so i had my ateism, thanks marl.
Macaulay Culkin almost looks like a young Macaulay Culkin
I can't believe this, we're being blackmailed by a 11 year old kid... That's priceless right there!
Macaulay Culkin almost looks like a young Thor to me!
Macaulay Culkin almost looks like Marty Preston from the movie Shiloh in this movie!
omg that horrible hair cut
Wow never heard of this movie might have to watch it
Culkin got paid 8.5 million for this
I saw this in the theatre in Vernon BC
RIP Aretha Franklin
Why this movie got 3% on rotten tomatoes?
How did Macaulay Culkin sink so low from the Home Alone films to 3 box office bombs in one year?
Very underrated!
It's the summer when i think of summer I think of bad 90's kids films staring sitcom stars.
used to watch this movie all the time when I was younger
I swear, Culkin looks like a preteen Katee Sackhoff in this movie.
90's Classic!
Macaulay was so adorable :3
My favorite Maculay Culkin movie tied with Richie Rich
a classic slapstick comedy film from the 90's! what more can you ask for :) Brilliant!!
What's Song Is It From Recess Schools Out And TJ Last Stand 0:08
Released during the O.J. Simpson chase and Knicks and Rockets Game 5
I remember seeing the trailer for this in theaters. I was sneeking into another movie
Hey this is filmed at California's great America cool and the first rollercoaster you see is demon
Yes! The great Saul Rubinek...
Macaulay <3 miss this boy
81734 269 15 0 42
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Getting Even with Dad Trailer - Directed by Howard Deutch and starring Macaulay Culkin, Ted Danson, Saul Rubinek, Gailard Sartain, Sam McMurray. Ray Gleason's estranged son, Timmy, tries to blackmail his ex-con father into spending time with him.

MGM - 1994
PT2M38S
sd
MovieID::::179
I love this movie. I'm bisexual and my best friend is a lesbian. Just saw this last night but i will be buying the dvds
This movie had some of the worst acting I've ever seen. NO ONE in this movie could act.
Great movie. I highly recommend it. Yeah South Park spoofed it--but there's a reason they picked on genuine cinematic achievement.
This was spoofed by South Park
Hah. When I was like 9 or 10 years old in the 90s, my sister went to the movie store and rented us Mr Bean. She gets home, we put it in and it was Go Fish.
I'm not able to find english subtitle for this movie, could anyone help?
This was a great movie!
Check out my feminist film and television blog maewpower.wordpress.com. I have posted about Go Fish.
82477 235 6 0 12
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Go Fish Trailer - Directed by Rose Troche and starring Walter Youngblood, Arthur C. Stone, Alfredo D. Troche, Jonathan T. Vincent, Derrick Kardos. Max is a trendy, pretty, young lesbian, who is having trouble finding love. A friend sets her up with Ely, whom Max likes, but Ely is frumpy, homely, and older. Nor do they have much in common. Can Max learn to look past the packaging?

MGM - 1994
PT1M38S
sd
MovieID::::180
I somehow cannot agree to the other recensions. I watched half the movie, and turned it off. It's sick and boring.
Topfilm ! My possible number one. Very impressed by Don Johnson (didn't like Miami Vice, but he won me over here). Rebecca was awesome too, mysterious lady. I love her.
This movie was quickly overshadowed by Jurassic Park.
Decent acting, but a totally obvious plot from the word go.
Don Johnson will surprise you, under Sidney Lumet's direction he played a villain totally convincingly
I love this movie and saw it three times in the theater.
Don Rocks!!!
FUCKING SHIT
good movie thanks for posting this.I saw it in 1993.
32681 53 3 0 10
Trailer for "Guilty As Sin" movie.
PT31S
hd
MovieID::::181
Jean Claude Van Mullet
Me gustaría que repitiera de nuevo estás peliculas de acción en los cines van damme único el más garde
Hard Target (1993) Film Trailer Appeared in December 1992
Back in the day when trailers were just as fun to watch as the film and had the awesome voiceover guy...

"Jean Claude Van Damme IS the Hard Target!"
CCR is great music to kick ass to
64699 44 5 0 5
HARD TARGET - Courtesy: © Copyright by Universal Pictures. ® http://www.musclesfrombrussels.be/

IMDB.com — Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107076/

Buy DVD (USA) — Amazon.com:
http://www.amazon.com/Hard-Target-John-Woo/dp/0783227892/ref=sr_1_1?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905790&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.com/Target-Sudden-Death-Claude-Damme/dp/B000N4RASI/ref=sr_1_2?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905790&sr=1-2
http://www.amazon.com/Action-Quadruple-Feature-Timecop-Fighter/dp/B0015FQZIK/ref=sr_1_3?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905790&sr=1-3

Buy DVD (UK) — Amazon.co.uk:
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Hard-Target-DVD-Jean-Claude-Damme/dp/B00004I9P6/ref=sr_1_1?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905793&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Van-Damme-Collcection-Nowhere-Target/dp/B000M06H14/ref=sr_1_2?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905793&sr=1-2

Buy DVD (France) — Amazon.fr:
http://www.amazon.fr/Chasse-lhomme-Damme-Jean-Claude-Van/dp/B00266LAR8/ref=sr_1_1?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905856&sr=1-1
http://www.amazon.fr/Chasse-lHomme-Jean-Claude-Van-Damme/dp/B00004VY1E/ref=sr_1_7?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284905856&sr=1-7

Buy DVD (Netherlands) — FreeRecordShop.nl:
http://www.freerecordshop.nl/films/hard-target-5050582045277

Buy DVD (Norway) — PlanetKompaniet.no:
http://www.platekompaniet.no/Film.aspx/DVD/Hard_Target/?id=8204530

Buy DVD (Japan) — Amazon.co.jp:
http://www.amazon.co.jp/%E3%83%8F%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89%E3%83%BB%E3%82%BF%E3%83%BC%E3%82%B2%E3%83%83%E3%83%88-%E3%80%90%E3%83%99%E3%82%B9%E3%83%88%E3%83%BB%E3%83%A9%E3%82%A4%E3%83%96%E3%83%A9%E3%83%AA%E3%83%BC-1500%E5%86%86-%E3%82%B5%E3%82%B9%E3%83%9A%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B9%E7%89%B9%E9%9B%86%E3%80%91-DVD/dp/B0038OA65Y/ref=sr_1_12?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284903609&sr=1-12
http://www.amazon.co.jp/%E3%83%8F%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89%E3%83%BB%E3%82%BF%E3%83%BC%E3%82%B2%E3%83%83%E3%83%88-DVD-%E3%82%B8%E3%83%A7%E3%83%B3%E3%83%BB%E3%82%A6%E3%83%BC/dp/B000HT2MWI/ref=sr_1_32?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284903660&sr=1-32
http://www.amazon.co.jp/%E3%83%8F%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89%E3%83%BB%E3%82%BF%E3%83%BC%E3%82%B2%E3%83%83%E3%83%88-DVD-%E3%82%B8%E3%83%A7%E3%83%B3%E3%83%BB%E3%82%A6%E3%83%BC/dp/B0000BI1LO/ref=sr_1_35?s=dvd&ie=UTF8&qid=1284903660&sr=1-35
PT1M53S
hd
MovieID::::182
War.....its fantastic!
39443 36 4 0 2
Hot Shots: Part Deux Trailer 1993
Director: Jim Abrahams
Starring: Charlie Sheen, Lloyd Bridges, Richard Crenna, Valeria Golino,  ,

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

Topper Harley returns to lead a mission into enemy territory to save a previous rescue mission.

Movie, Hot Shots: Part Deux Movie,Hot Shots: Part Deux Trailer,Hot Shots: Part Deux 1993, Jim Abrahams,Charlie Sheen, Lloyd Bridges, Richard Crenna, Valeria Golino,  ,
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::183
This looks like trash
Free Live Sex Cam Show, Exclusive Unlimited Access:      BABETONIGHT------------------c0m
Kim Cattrall is the best EVER :D
@AlexDH90 And she still is beautiful, ;D
Its playing on a couple of the HBO multichannels in August. Check your guide.
anyone know where i can download this movie?
426318 81 38 0 6
http://www.rarchivist.com
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::184
Don't tell me this is a true story,they'll be building up Snowdonia next.
Wonderful film seen it many times?
Even though we all know how it ends we still watch it because it's fun anyways :)
That's something thrillers and action movies can't do lol give you the ending and convince you to watch it.
The same year as they made Braveheart for Scotland. Hollywood acts like Wales haven't had its fair share of Freedom fighters and "Brave hearts"....they make a film about an Englishman saying what goes....fine example of why it seems hollywood is no place for the Welsh.

Owain Glyndwr
Hywel Dda
Owain Lawgoch
Anarawd Ap Rhodri
Caratacus

Take your bloody pick Hollywood.
“Hugh Grant is as irresistible as he was in Four Weddings.” Is a like every Hugh Grant movie trailer should have.
This movie teaches us to not be selfish. We should not just honor ourselves. We honor the peoole around us and guve them what they want to be happy
I thought this was veggie tales...
james corden brought me here
67374 430 13 0 9
Starring: Hugh Grant, Tara Fitzgerald, and Colm Meaney
The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain (1995) Official Trailer 1 - Movie

When an English cartographer must tell a Welsh village that their mountain is only a hill, the offended community sets out to change that.

Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
We're on SNAPCHAT: http://bit.ly/2cOzfcy
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT1M29S
hd
MovieID::::185
18456 33 5 0 0
In The Line Of Fire Trailer 1993
Director: Wolfgang Petersen
Starring: Clint Eastwood, Dylan McDermott, Gary Cole, John Mahoney, John Malkovich, Rene Russo

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The last active secret service agent to have witnessed the Kennedy assassination is haunted by his past when a maniac threatens the current president.

Movie, In The Line Of Fire Movie,In The Line Of Fire Trailer,In The Line Of Fire 1993, Wolfgang Petersen,Clint Eastwood, Dylan McDermott, Gary Cole, John Mahoney, John Malkovich, Rene Russo
PT2M36S
sd
MovieID::::186
There's a big poster of Obama in a scene in the movie that takes place on jimmy's bench next to a bus stop. It's like they're putting their future plans right in your face.
Wow. This looks one hundred percent shit.
i have to get this on DVD
Peschi has a little bit of a David Lee Roth look going on, doesn't he?
12571 16 0 0 4
Starring Joe Pesci.
PT34S
sd
MovieID::::187
They just don't make good films like this anymore
That's what makes a cult movie - devastating reviews from the critics, little attention from the audience but it does stand the test of time!!
Ron Jeremy is @ 1:32
One of the most underrated films.Make me chills!
Jean-Hugues Anglade (Éric) it's great French actor in this movie it's awesome .
Rogan Bitches!
the music is above our galaxy!
Massive question to ask!! This has got to be my all time favourite film but theres one track in it I cant i.d!!!! Around 20 mins in, when Zed and Eric are driving into Paris at night theres a cool deep house kinda track in the background! Anyone have a clue!?
Perfect movie the violence, drug use, nudity all perfect and un-glorified.  Zed and Eric's friendship disintigrated so believably, the ending is both depressing and upbeat like CucKoo's Nest which is not easy to achieve.
@zmonkey09 yea me too..
Just watched it. Awesome
awesome pic  one of the criminal movies ever
Suprisingly, this is an excellent film.
ERic eez my hero... the most spirited, moral, and sensitive of all men/ Je me modèle sur Eric.. il est l'étoffe dont sont faits les héros!!
is the laserdisc censored as well?  I have one :)
another good movie..
Thank you.  Do you have this on MP3?
I do kinda look like that guy lol
Shitty trailer, good movie!
Ah super cool!!!
Prolly its because of beethoven. 9th symph. 4th movement. well put it this way...ode to joy is known as "celebration of the end of the world" or " The soundtrack of the end of the world" :)
The trailer makes it look like they were trying to sell this as some sort of hybrid of Reservoir Dogs and Die Hard.
so you only like Julie Delphy ^^
right Tarantino was the executive producer, but avary was the director
One of my favorite films.
One of the most underrated films of recent memory.  I love this movie!
I got this movie, it´s a very cool movie. Quentin Tarantino produced it.
omg!! thats my name 2!!!! XD lol!!!
i never heard of this movie before. but interested in watching it. IT HAS MY NAME =D
Great movie.
heh I got it on LASERDISC! oooooOOoOoOO!
he's in the trailer..  he plays the bank manager about 0:40 you get a shot of him sitting at his desk
where's ron?
never seen it!!
183656 158 14 0 36
GREAT movie, cameo by Ron Jeremy

Zed has only just arrived in the beautiful Paris and already he's up to no good. Having just slept with a call girl, he spends a night on the town with his dangerous friends. They all decide to rob a bank the following day. There's only one problem: Zed's call-girl, Zoe, just happens to work at the bank which is to be robbed!
PT1M32S
sd
MovieID::::188
12248 17 2 0 0
Last Action Hero Trailer 1993
Director: John McTiernan
Starring: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Anthony Quinn, Art Carney, Austin O'Brien, F. Murray Abraham, Mercedes Ruehl

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Disappointing big-budget action/comedy about a young boy who finds himself thrown into a movie starring his idol. Cameos by some of the hottest stars of the day!

Movie, Last Action Hero Movie,Last Action Hero Trailer,Last Action Hero 1993, John McTiernan,Arnold Schwarzenegger, Anthony Quinn, Art Carney, Austin O'Brien, F. Murray Abraham, Mercedes Ruehl
PT25S
sd
MovieID::::189
Wait, what? David Cronenberg directed this? Wow
15205 19 1 0 1
Love's mysteries and betrayal's cruelties are boldly portrayed in this fictional tale of French diplomat Rene Gallimard and Beijing Opera star Song Liling. Rene believes he's found the perfect woman. But after a love affair of nearly 20 years, he finds he cannot believe anything about the beguiling, secretive singer. Rene learns Song Liling is a spy. And it's not the only shocking secret his beloved "butterfly" hides. #Trailer #WB
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::190
In this film Jigsaw kills Gwyneth Paltrow
Made by Castle Rock and New Line Cinema, released by Columbia Pictures, but MGM owns the video rights.
I was one lol
By the way, these are just movies and to replicate any part of it, especially the crimes committed, is actually a/are crime/s in real life. Just some common sense to remember. ;)
Malice is a legal term with lawyers. One of my lawyers taught me the word. Unfortunately, he is not far from the truth. Malice does exist. There is such a thing.
I like Pullman. He was named after some good bread (no pun intended). It was called Pullman's bread.
There was literally no point in the serial rapist plot! It has no actual connection to the characters, they were just around to hear it happened and he could have found out he was sterile without being a suspect.
What an unusual and well crafted trailer. It's methodical and doesn't give away any of the big twists of the film. In fact, it plays directly into the film's red herring plotline about a serial killer and Alec Baldwin victimising Kidman somehow. I wish they still made trailers like this that keep the secrets of the stories intact.
what... is... this.... trailer.... editor.... doing....
billy rogers run
i will definitely sleep
scott and laurie fun
It's a pity that not many viewers understood how brilliantly Kidman played a psychopath, even in small gestures and facial expressions she is on point. When they hear Psychopath, most people think of Dr. Lecter. Kidman shows us the real-life version. It's one of the most authentic portrayals of a psychopath I've ever seen.
love the way this trailer uses Jerry Goldsmith's music at the start where it melds into the credits. Brilliant
her natural hair was so beautiful
I love your books
132245 157 28 0 27
Malice Trailer 1993
Director: Harold Becker
Starring: Alec Baldwin, Anne Bancroft, Bebe Neuwirth, Bill Pullman, George C. Scott, Nicole Kidman

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A young couple invites a newly arrived surgeon to move into their home, with murderous consequences. Plot twists and red herrings galore!

Movie, Malice Movie,Malice Trailer,Malice 1993, Harold Becker,Alec Baldwin, Anne Bancroft, Bebe Neuwirth, Bill Pullman, George C. Scott, Nicole Kidman
PT2M37S
sd
MovieID::::191
4414 10 0 0 0
The Man Without A Face Trailer 1993
Director: Mel Gibson
Starring: Fay Masterson, Gaby Hoffman, Margaret Whitton, Mel Gibson, Nick Stahl, Richard Masur

Official Content From Warner Home Video

A disfigured man finds the strength to face the world again from a fatherless boy. Gibson's impressive directorial debut!

Movie, The Man Without A Face Movie,The Man Without A Face Trailer,The Man Without A Face 1993, Mel Gibson,Fay Masterson, Gaby Hoffman, Margaret Whitton, Mel Gibson, Nick Stahl, Richard Masur
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::192
Steven is in this movie for about 6 minutes. I remember wanting to see it because of him in my teens then being bummed out that he was barely in it.
34256 74 6 0 1
A 747 traveling from Athens to Washington DC is hijacked by a group of terrorists. They claim it's to force the government to release their leader, but covert intelligence man David Grant doesn't believe it. He tries to persuade the authorities to keep the plane out of US airspace while a rescue mission is put together. This mission involves the use of a high tech plane specifically designed for mid-air crew transfers. With Grant, they make it aboard the 747 only to find that they must overpower the terrorists and disable a bomb with enough nerve gas to knock out all of Washington DC below.
PT2M13S
sd
MovieID::::193
oh wow, what dumbass cut this trailer together? yikes. TOTALLY misleading, like TO THE MAX. yikes. The flick is NOT a thriller, a beautiful flick, like Breakfast Club, about people talking and trying to break through, man. A way way sensitive portrait of people trying to connect, and reach. Some dumbass executive probably tried to sell this as a thriller.
Beautiful blonde
The guy from "Manhunter", the killer.
Well played.
2858 8 2 0 4
What Happened Was Trailer 1994
Director: Tommy Noonan
Starring: Tommy Noonan, Karen Silas,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From Hallmark Entertainment

Critically acclaimed film about two co-workers who go on a date and find themselves revealing long-buried secrets and passionate desires. Imagine the stories that will be floating around that office.

Movie, What Happened Was Movie,What Happened Was Trailer,What Happened Was 1994, Tommy Noonan,Tommy Noonan, Karen Silas,  ,  ,  ,
PT1M41S
sd
MovieID::::194
The most ridiculously inappropriate trailer ever
The best film ever made. Right up there with Fight Club, The River (Tsai Ming Liang), Rebels of the Neon God (Tsai Ming Liang) and A City of Sadness (Hao Hsiao Hsien)
What is the name of this piece of music?
I only partly agree. The trailer is indeed ridiculous, but the film is comic in tone. Darkly comic, but comic never the less.
I guess they thought that this melody would add on to the darkness of the movie the same way this melody was used in A Clockwork Orange and made it even more disturbing. But here it just doesn't work and this trailer is horrible, and the cheesy narrator only makes it even more horrible. But in their defense, I don't think that any trailer would really work for this movie. You have to see this movie as a whole.
This light romantic comedy looks like a perfect date movie!
criterion is hilarious. seems like a poke at  the joke trailer for the shining (use of the thieving magpie as most recognized from that other kubrick film might be the tip off).
urgh!! this is one of the most hideously inappropiate trailers i have ever seen in my life! it makes on of the most intense and amazing films in existence look like some sickening, twee, sacharine comedy.
there making it out to be some hilarious british romp, like four weddings and funerals, not a nihlistic journey into the human physche which it really is
I remember rented this film 4 days in a row. It`s awesome!!
It's perfect! What better way to get ordinary film viewers to see this amazing movie?
What a ridiculous trailer for one of the darkest existential nightmares ever captured on celluloid!!!
Oh fucking gaaa-aaa-aaads that is awful. The thick Spam voiceover crew were probably pushed on the schedule about five minutes before knocking-off time and did it back-to-back with the trailers for What About Bob and Uncle Buck. MAGGIE!
One of the worst trailers ever.
This trailer is terrible. The film is one of the best ever made...so brilliant, unique and David's performance should've swept the Oscars that year (he was robbed). This trailer doesn't show what the film is like at all...doesn't even hint at it. If I didn't know the film already, I would not be interested in seeing it based on this at all. What were they thinking? The fan made trailer out there by Chris Nightingale is perfect, they should pay him to use that one.
Saw it last night, he's undoubtably the best character in the film, the rape scene is unreal
i havent seen this movie in like two years and i have only seen it one time at 3:00 in the morning...i want to watch it again sooo badly...David Thewlis is amazing in this movie...
I haven't watched the movie yet (want to, though), but the music (by Rossini) is featured in "A Clockwork Orange", giving the impression that this film is also another one of those "out-there" satires. But that's also a wrong impression, I suppose?
Love this movie. I iddentify myself deeply with the character.
oh my godness. Naked - thank for sharing.
62278 74 10 0 25
www.criterion.com/www.criteriondungeon.c om
PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::195
and I just want 2 point out that 4 a movie that takes place n Boston they have the worst accents ever, they don't even sound Boston n this movie
I always knew that after Buffy the vampire slayer that Hillary Swank would b a big star
ok what the hell kind of trailer was that???!???
1. karate kid   2. karate kid lll 3. karate kid ll   4. the next karate kid and the film of 2010 was nothing i really didn't like that one
This one is the worst one. List for best: 1) Karate kid (1984) 2) Karate kid (2010) 3) Karate kid III 4) Karate kid II and worst is 5) The next karate kid
Worst f@ckin' movie ever made.
i have seen the original trilogy with daniel but never heard of this one, is it any good? or is it one of those films people try to forget existed?
Much better than the 2010 Karate "Kung Fu" Kid
this is so cheeesy
Wrong, the Jackie Chan one was shit compared to the other 4.
This Movie is the reason of why she got her neck broken in million dollar baby
I think in the movie they said he went off to college or something.
But what's happened with Daniel?
nah ill stick with Ralph Macchio <3
I still remember, eventhough it's nearly 14 or so years I saw this, the scene when she jumps on the hood of the car like that..always wanted to be that good with my reflexes. Did not remember Hilary Swank XD
Yeah, same here. It wasn't as good as the first three, but it had it's moments. Plus... more Pat Morita is always a good thing.
I don't know why people bash this film. I thought the film was pretty solid. Hillary looks beautiful
I wish i could see this movie
I only wish I could thumbs down your comment more.
you are right. this movie is very good
well actually Doug Walker was the Nostalgia Critic, you see his last episode was when he reviewed the movie 'Scooby Doo' from 2002 and the show ended until to Boldly flee came out and then Doug Walker decided to make his character the Nostalgia Critic die like sacrifice himself i think and you know what i'm saying!
I can't even begin to describe how awful this film is. One of the all time Hollywood lows.
the Nostalgia Critic brought me here!
Maybe they should remake this with willow smith taking on the role.
Gosh you guys...this movie wasn't that bad. So what if it didn't have the original guy in it? This is something different. I also like that they added some tracks from The Cranberries into this film.
Fuck this movie I haven't even seen it yet and don't plan on doing so... It looks Fucking dumb and nothing compare to the old one ...cobra kai ..... Never dies ..fuck this bitch ill fuck her mouth ... Lol
hilary swank was fuckin beautiful in this movie
This proves the 1980s didn't truly die until 1994. This was its death cry.
Every one who says that this movie sucks, PLEASE SUCK MY FUCKING COCK, this rocks...
id swank her
oh dang this actually was a real movie

i think Hillary Swank should take more roles as an action heroine specialized in martial arts, it'd suit her better, than what she accepts now...just saying...she's still young, so why not...
Yes that's right.  The thing that happened was Miyagi walked into her room while she was changing clothes and she yelled at him that he should knock before entering where he apologized and told her the reason he walked in without knocking was because he said he lived with a friend named Daniel where Daniel walked into his room without knocking and Miyagi walked into Daniel's room without knocking meaning he's not used to knocking by force of habit.

By the way, her name is actually Julie.
THERE IS AN ERROR IN THIS FILM, Miyagi tells JULIE THE KARATE TAUGHT YOU YOUR GRANDFATHER ... BUT IN KARATE KID 1 WHEN YOU ASK DANIEL Miyagi IF YOU EVER TAUGHT KARATE SOMEONE, NOT TELL THE
I remember seeing the coming attractions for this movie and thinking how gay this shit looked than again, I'm from the generation of the original Karate kid.
Since this film took place in Boston, I guess Daniel is back in California living alone, or living with his mom, or he went away to college.  (I do remember he told Mr. Miyagi that he is more important to him than college and getting a job so maybe Daniel decided to go to college now).  Hopefully, Daniel isn't getting bullied by John Kreese, Terry Silver, and Mike Barnes.  Also, Daniel was mentioned one time on this fourth film by Mr. Miyagi.
@FailMaster13 That would have been great.  I do wonder whatever happened with Daniel whether he is back living with his mom or if he is getting bullied by John Kreese, Terry Silver, and Mike Barnes without Mr. Miyagi around.  It was at least nice that Daniel was mentioned one time on this movie.
@karatekidbandicoot I agree.  It would have been great.  It was nice that Daniel's name was at least mentioned in this movie by Mr. Miyagi.
This was garbage.
for the people who hate this movie.  you have to at least liked the scene when mr. miyagi catches the arrow.
Now Thts Girl Power
@crossingXFY Yes, that would be awesome.
he bang her in the ass at the end right?
Daniel should of been in this movie.
Daniel never fought as good as her.
@Slayter51 no, I watched it recently, and he does not.
@Slayter51 nope ):
Keep pressing 1 for Unlimited Punches,and 6 for Unlimited Combos.
@007Keanu 5 Karate Kids.3 of them had Ralph Macchio,This one is Hilary Swank,And the 2010 with Jaden Smith.The 3 of the Karate Kids with Ralph is the best.
i love this because of hilary
This movie was crap but she looked freaking hot in a T & sweats

how 'bout mr. miagi vs. jackie chan? uhuh? :D
@TaiXJ no

im critising it because it was crap movie

not because the girl was the main character
im all for a girl being the main hero for a change but the movie was crap
worst one out of all of them
WHATS THE NAME OF THE SONG IN THE BEGINING OF THIS VIDEO????
Women should work in kitchens? You should be ashamed with yourselves
- a guy
Piece of crap. Daniel san rules!!!
are their 3 karate kids?
oh this is just suckish.
@Magnolia296 I have to agree... I loved this movie as a kid, maybe it's because it was a girl i dunno, my bros think its cheesy...but everytime I brought it up, its like no one's even heard of it lol
I really love this film and don't understand why so many people hate it. Yes, I missed Daniel/Ralph but it gave a good feminine side to the story and Hilary Swank was brilliant. Pat Morita was impressive as always. The whole storyline was interesting. I still think that they should have made The Karate Kid 5 with Pat Morita, Hilary Swank and Ralph Macchio. It would be great.
This movie is very very very underrated!!!
@kylephantom4 That would have been great since by now, Daniel is probably an expert fighter where he can help assist Mr. Miyagi to help the new karate kid get rid of her anger with karate.  I guess Daniel is probably back in California choosing to go to college (he said on the third one he needed a break from school) or, maybe he's the owner of the banzai shop from the third film.  It was nice that Mr. Miyagi mentioned about Daniel one time on this movie to the new karate kid.
@coolestpersone123 He's probably back in California either choosing to finally go to college (on the third film he said he needed a break from school) or, maybe he's the new owner of the banzai shop that he worked in with Mr. Miyagi on the third film (without Mr. Miyagi around, I hope John Kreese, Terry Silver, and Mike Barnes are not bullying and fighting him).  It's nice that Mr. Miyagi mentioned about Daniel LaRusso one time on this movie to the new karate kid named Julie.
@MrCoolaaa1 I have a feeling that Daniel LaRusso never went to college since on the second film when he asked if he can go with Mr. Miyagi to Okinawa, and Mr. Miyagi said he should save his money for college and Daniel told him that he's more important to him than college and getting a job.  Also on the third film, he said that he's not going to college to get a break from school, so instead, he worked in the banzai shop with Mr. Miyagi.  So my guess is that Daniel is the new owner of the shop.
@BLaCGaMiNG Well aren't you stuck in another time if you really believe that maybe you shoudl see something with Cynthia Rothrock
Im a girl myself...and i prefer having a guy be the next karate kid just because it was that way in the original and in this version its a bit cheasy
Man did trailers use to suck!
the fucking 90s ...
that movie is sucks men,anyone have Paper Bag Please........
What a shity movie. The ending sucked, the story line sucked. Everything sucked. I cant believe Pat Morita agreed to be on this film.
@TheSteelersrock1010 ok i change it they mad one that has nothing to do with karate instead
I liked this movie cuz it shows girls can b just as tough as guys and I luv Hilary swank and took karate as a little girl. I'm only 13!!
@marioxnaruto he didn't want 2 sign for the movie =(
wow this movie sucked
@CADalex I'll take the 2nd over the first
Wow. With Hilary Swank. Never knew.
yah the trilogy is wwwwwwaayyyyy better
@LoboFan1000 exactly
@LoboFan1000 miyagi wouldn't ask her to do that, shes a girl, she'll be asked to make sandwiches
@hotmoney3224 there is none."Mr.Miyagi" died in 2005 at age 73
Hilary Swank is.. The Next  Karate Kid :)
Rofl this was the worst movie ever, i remember watching it like 10 times when i was a kid.

OH THE 90's..................
@shikamaruisfit

Karate was originally built from Kung Fu.
I love this one because it has the girl as the star, a lot of karate and action movies don't have girls in the spotlights. This shows that girls are just as cool as guys!!!
Go Girls!!:)))))
I actually like this movie... :) And also the 4 others... Just to put in a different oppinion here... :)
If Hilary went naked in this movie we would forget how crappy it really was.
@LoboFan1000 HAHA! That comment is EPIC!
Who the hell gave that dude her own movie?
I definitely related to this movie more than the other ones, I liked it a lot. It captured the 90s fer sure.
the other one should be called the black karate kid
@shikamaruisfit Karate means empty hand. Self defence without wepons.. it was developed based on old traditional chinese and japanese arts including things like kenpo and kung fu, which in itself is a collection of other martial arts.
@razzp25 i said that with a question mark meaning im asking the guy if they are not better than the first movies. I do believe T2 killz T1 because of its action packed scenes and powerful ending. it was T3 that screwed it up.
@sly741x are u kidding me?? Dont u think T2 is better than the first in every way?
641243 289 61 0 304
http://frgdr.com/blog/2008/01/21/good-guy-guy/



During a commemoration for japanese soldiers fighting in the US Army during World War II Mr. Miyagi meets the widow of his commanding officer. He gets to know her granddaugther Julie, an angry teenager. She is full of pain about the death of her parents during an accident and has lots of problems with her grandmother and her fellow pupils. So Mr. Miyagi decides to teach her Karate to bring her back on the right way.
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::196
Loved this movie. Was just talking about it yesterday. The New Age.
As America was prevalent with new age and high wages in 1994 there was no internet
Rest in Peace, Adam West. He was really good in this film.
4830 18 2 0 3
The New Age Trailer 1994
Director: Michael Tolkin
Starring: Adam West, Corbin Bernsen, Judy Davis, Patrick Bauchau, Peter Weller, Samuel L. Jackson

Official Content From Warner Home Video

An L.A. couple struggles to keep up with the Joneses in glitzy Southern California. They have more dollars than sense and go through one funny deal after another in their pursuit of happiness.

Movie, The New Age Movie,The New Age Trailer,The New Age 1994, Michael Tolkin,Adam West, Corbin Bernsen, Judy Davis, Patrick Bauchau, Peter Weller, Samuel L. Jackson
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::197
this is where they should send all the hard core prisoners
14549 22 2 0 3
No Escape Trailer 1994
Director: Martin Campbell
Starring: Ernie Hudson, Kevin Dillon, Lance Henriksen, Michael Lerner, Ray Liotta, Stuart Wilson

Official Content From HBO Video

Post apocalyptic action set on an island prison for incorrigibles. Two groups of have set up feuding tribes. New prisoner, Liotta, wants to join neither but survival alone seems impossible.

Movie, No Escape Movie,No Escape Trailer,No Escape 1994, Martin Campbell,Ernie Hudson, Kevin Dillon, Lance Henriksen, Michael Lerner, Ray Liotta, Stuart Wilson
PT2M10S
sd
MovieID::::198
i  love  his  hat
The trailer music sounds like this movie can take us on a fun and magical adventure, and it's absurdly hysterical.
George and Elaine got married?
i love  they limo
i love  they  house
I hated, hated, hated, hated, hated, hated, hated, hated, hated, hated this movie!
I remember this movie when it came out, I was 5. And ever scine I have been trying to remember what the movie was. I just remember when he wakes up in mall
90's was the best time ever
I'm only here for Elijah Wood!!! He's one of my top 5 favorite actors of all time!!
i love  his hat
i love  they house
I loved this movie as kid :)
Now this movie should be featured in Mystery Science theater 3000
„The movie north, were he stays with all the families” Trixie Mattel
saw it as a kid, loved it.


then I grew up and read the reviews =(


our imagination dies every time we 'review' a movie instead of watching it
I loved this movie when I was a kid Lol
I only heard how terrible this movie was. How is that so when reviews are only opinions by a career based off opinions? Some loved it. I didn't see it. If children loved it, because as a kid, we will laugh at anything really, and it was a very clean film. Then it was worth making, acting in and appreciating. I wish I was still as naive as a child, accepting my initial response as truth and reality.
Roger Ebert's book called I hated hated hated this movie has his notorious review of this movie.
The book was stupid to begin with.
0:56 for the reason you're all here.
am I the only one who remembers seeing this terrible movie back when it was on the Disney Channel?
I love this movie
Worse than Willis’s music and singing career.

Ah, respect yourself, Bruce!
Wait isn’t this song from Radio Flyer
I remember one trailer where parents were saying, "North never snacks between meals," and, "North always washes his hands." I felt like saying, "Look, mom and dad! If North jumped off a bridge, would you expect me to do that, too? I'm getting sick and tired of you expecting me to live up to the standards you have set to me based on some stupid little goody two-shoes fart-sniffer! And the grounding for however long you see fit to force me to undergo for speaking my mind is well worth telling you that little bastard is not God, and I won't be living by his standards! I have rights as a citizen of the United States of America, and I refuse to be a slave! If you need me, I'll be waiting in my room for the inevitable roll 'em down and 20 lashes with the belt!"
I saw this movie, at the movie theater. It was okay. I only saw it, cause Elijah Wood was in it. If, it was a different boy actor. I probably wouldn't seen it.
I'm getting this on DVD.
Not only is this film vastly underappreciated (by Ebert and others), it is the greatest movie of ALL TIME. I'm not kidding. It's better than The Shawshank Redemption, The Godfather, Goodfellas, Gone With the Wind, Aliens, etc.  It's better than all of those movies COMBINED.
Fun fact: wood can still fit into his wardrobe from this film.
Jesus that looks awful haha
Bruce with that dress of pink bunny and that ears look as sexy as fuck, i'm sure he used it at Sexual Games with his beautiful ex-wife Demi Moore who gave him 3 pretty daughters, very hot lol
A young Elijah Wood in a film that folks say is "Stupid"..... but me I have yet to check it out asap
Wow, Costanza became a dad?
This had a lot of hate
why is there soo much hate for this movie. I for one really enjoyed it..and still do. Dont get it.
it's spidey.
"comedy" 0:26
Makes the mistake of assuming that a 'quirky' premise automatically makes it good. See also Toys (1992).
One of my favourite films. I can't believe it came out 22 years ago! Where has the time gone?
Great movie.
Why are people hating on this movie. I liked it. It maybe had a required taste of humor. But ive seen way worse movies that had this type of comedy, and none of them are hated like this. <in fact many of those shitier movies are even liked. Wtf. Is it because of some famous guy giving it a bad review? Seriously can you people not have your own opinions. I want to know what specifically was bothering you guys. Please let me know
I remembers when this came out and seeing it on VHS! Bruce Willis in that pink bunny suit I definitely remember that & that little snobby blonde 4 eyes kid
I feel bad for everyone invovled especially Bruce Willis,  Elijah Wood,  Elaine and George,  Dan Akyroyd and Kathy Bates.  Especiallky for Dan and Kathy.  Both of them are talented and they should have known better.  Plus,  Kathy looked like a barn owl with that white makeup around her eyes that pretty much didn't clash against her 'Eskimo face' makeup.  And Dan Aykroyd...Dan, Dan Dan...I love you,  just don't do THAT ever again.
who else is here just because of eberts review lol
The absolute worst movie I've ever seen.
I feel sorry for ALL the actors that took part in this rubbish
my god, this thing's horrid! what? was Rob Reiner shit-faced drunk at the time and he didn't pay attention on what the hell he was doing?
fuck everybody who hated this movie I grew up on this movie fuck you liberal assholes
Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel were correct when they said that this movie was junk but a lot of actors and actresses start off their careers by appearing in bad movies. "North" is considered to be one of the worst movies ever made because all of the characters in the film are unpleasant, the jokes fall flat in every scene, this film is filled with insulting and unnecessary stereotypes, Bruce Willis just seems awkward in this movie, the other actors and actresses in "North" don't do anything memorable, the story doesn't make any sense and the fact that the majority of the film took place during a dream that the main character was having doesn't really add much to the film. If you've never seen "North" then you aren't missing anything.
Before Movie 43 existed, this is the most notorious film ever made.
This is why I hate the 90's.
I know this movie was awful, but I quite enjoy it. What was wrong with the movie, this isn't Wild Wild West, Battlefield Earth, Old Dogs, or even Jack & Jill.
110406 215 40 0 110
#1994movietrailer #trailers #trailer #movietrailer #previews
Find More @ #cappazack

Elijah Wood, Jason Alexander, Julia Louis Dreyfus, Kathy Bates, Dan Aykroyd, Reba McEntire, Alan Arkin and Bruce Willis
Directed by Rob Reiner


Here are the two trailers for the 1994 film
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XX1SlKDAcy4&t=13s
and
https://youtu.be/XX1SlKDAcy4

PLAYLISTS OF #CAPPAZACK
Movie Studio Themes
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpARfyxmH1uTN6l2jOHtiGuEZ
1990’s Movie Trailers - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpARDxHJy0s8LlgTbkvhREMz-
1990’s Movie Trailers – TV Spots - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpATkQMgBPcWWwevyXdJIO-xr
2000’s Movie Trailers - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpAScVUn0qDi1sODi45RUIu7A
2000’s Movie Trailers – TV Spots
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpARLKyZDmpBr016IRZaDxdbS
2010’s Movie Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpASQw6R-ZYVqV_oATPVHjf5f
Film Trailers of the 1980s and 1970s
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpASWJIx8N_DZdaqy475UDYnF
TV & Video Misc
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpARb8bn3rjO062pogqWYMjHw
TV Show Themes
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpASojZ7oTBOFX0xnlTT9hYBw
Classic Movie Trailers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b8CaVvPCR8&list=PLvwH9mvgvpASWJIx8N_DZdaqy475UDYnF
Film Snippets
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvwH9mvgvpARVxRN88U03y37QMtuWiOiX
Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.
PT2M27S
sd
MovieID::::199
I know I’m the only person on planet earth who liked this movie. Brian Benben is such an underrated actor, and his time playing Martin Tupper in Dream On made me want to watch this film. It should be a cult classic.
@PaulSebert Caught it on Netflix a few minutes ago. Same opinion.
Flawed but rather endearing movie.  Caught it last night on Netflix.
15921 33 2 0 5
In Theaters: 21 October 1994 (USA)



In 1939, WBN, a fourth radio network, is about to take to America's airwaves. As if the confusion of the premiere night wasn't enough, Penny Henderson, the owner's secretary, must deal with an unhappy sponsor, an overbearing boss and a soon-to-be ex-husband who desperately wants her back. As the broadcast begins, a mysterious voice breaks the broadcast and suddenly members of the cast turn up dead. It's up to her husband Roger, to find out whodunit as the police chase him through the halls of WBN.



Genre:Comedy | Mystery | Romance

Director:Mel Smith

Cast:Brian Benben, Mary Stuart Masterson, Ned Beatty
PT1M44S
hd
MovieID::::200
Excuse me!
Excuse me!
EXCUSE ME!!!!
If you don't mind
the CORPSE !
STILL HAS!
Most underrated Christmas movie ever.
The best line in the film is: Your husband aint dead, lady. He’s hiding.
every year xox
This is an amazing movie
Thanks for making this trailer.
the best movie ever
this movie was very good , I only watched it cause it was just starting over my aunt house, I ate and watch it once I finished my food I was in to it ,tht family was wild AZZ shit!! but they did some cool shit by letting boul escape ,untill this week I never heard of this movie so I looked it up and it said movie was made 1994 I wasn't even born yet I'm 20 so I was even more In person impressed.IF U AINT SEE THIS MOVIE U SHOULD CAUSE ITS GOOD!!
this is on Netflix now!!
a family tradition
LOVED this movie. The trailer is kinda lame though.
I like the editing and the music, but the narration sucks (sounds like some kid reciting the DVD liner notes).
The BEST HOLIDAY MOVIE EVER!
This has to b one of the most humorous dark comedies around.
It's a fan trailer.... And he is said fan.
This is my favorite Christmas movie lol
How....the....Fuck.....did this dude get narrating job?
haha, me too! :D
He IS!! I thought it was only me that thought that! :-)
This movie was fuckin genius!
It is the one of THE funniest, clever and believe it or not
heartwarming of all time
Truly a hidden gem :)
Check list of great movies here greatmoviereview.tumblr.com/
@sadie0087777 haha know what u mean :)
I kidnapped my fucking parents!
Denis Leary's kinda hot in this movie. XD
His face at 2:05 gets me everytime! XD  <3 THis movie!!!!
Some scenes were shot near were i worked....they kept the fake cop cars on our lot and the snow machines.......
Denis Leary Greatest film
shot in the spring and we had no snow had to be made.........
Probably filmed during the winter season of Dec/holiday month in 1993 and released in theatres afew months later in March of '94.
This is a great Christmas film!!!
"Excuse me! Excuse me! Excuse me! Excuse me! If you don't mind, the corpse still has the floor!" lolzzzzz!
The best movie of both Leary and Spacey's careers.
"Caroline, the day you see anything through till the end I'll stick my own dick in my ear."
LOL...being a resident of the state I can confirm the claim that Connecticut is the 5th ring of Hell is an accurate one.
"Three times, Bob"....................
My favorite "Christmas" movie of all time! Classic Dennis Leary, Kevin Spacey and Judy Davis. amazon sells the movie.

"Slipper socks...MEDIUM!"

Is anything funnier than the Scandinavian dinner spread and the Lit candle head wear? ROTFLMAO
it's our family christmas movie lolz :P
ah this movie is so hard to find!
185868 261 44 0 45
This is a fan made trailer for the 1994 Christmas Comedy "The Ref" from Touchstone Pictures.  The music is "Jingle Bell Rock" by Bobby Helms and the Anita Kerr Singers.
PT2M16S
hd
MovieID::::201
10901 8 0 0 0
Remains Of The Day Trailer 1993
Director: James Ivory
Starring: Anthony Hopkins, Christopher Reeve, Emma Thompson, James Fox, Peter Vaughan, Hugh Grant

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Excellent production and cast in the tale of an English butler torn between blind devotion and unrequited love. Nominated for every major Academy award, including Best Picture!

Movie, Remains Of The Day Movie,Remains Of The Day Trailer,Remains Of The Day 1993, James Ivory,Anthony Hopkins, Christopher Reeve, Emma Thompson, James Fox, Peter Vaughan, Hugh Grant
PT2M20S
sd
MovieID::::202
To this day no movie plot excites me more than one where the common people rise up against political, corporate, industrial and financially corrupt organizations like OCP in this movie. Robocop 3 might've had some bad reviews but it still kicks ass to me.
"How may I help you, officer,?"
"By resisting arrest!"
That's my boy, Robo! There'll never be another hero like him! We need Robocop now more than ever! Buy THAT for a dollar!
“How can I help you officer?”
“By resisting arrest”
Come on, you gotta admit that is pretty  cool
Fuckin! USA! Im.bon.t like
this is so 90's it hurts
GUYS GUYS WHY IS THE THIRD MOVIE THE WORST LIKE THE TERMINATOR THE THIRD ONE WAS NOT GOOD AND THE OTHERS THIRD MOVIE ARE NOT GOOD WHY IS TH DAMM THIRD MOVIE THE WORST
1:55 - ooohhh, savage!!!
I like RoboCop 3. Although, I still would've preferred Peter Weller instead of Robert John Burke. I wonder why Peter Weller didn't still resume for RoboCop 3.
this movie is badass
im not gonna dog it too much but I don't like Robocop 3 worst of the 3 in my opinion
this what happens when u go pg-13 = shit

Man, Poledouris' score can make ANYTHING look good.
Yes! the first person to post a comment and put a like
42945 102 7 0 26
RoboCop 3, 1993, (c) Orion

Robocop saves the day once more. This time the half man/half robot takes on ruthless developers who want to evict some people on "their" land.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0107978/
PT2M4S
hd
MovieID::::203
9522 10 1 0 0
30 second spot for Romeo Is Bleeding.  http://www.noiroftheweek.com

Gary Oldman and Lena Olin
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::204
The greatest movie I've ever seen in my entire life!!! This film is only for those people who have a soul and a warm heart!!!
Hermosa película !!! Muy emotiva  !!!
DÓNDE PUEDO ENCONTRAR LA PELÍCULA
Such an underrated movie...  I love this as much as The Shawshank Redemption.
Great movie, i saw it on tv in the 1990s, id never heard of it before.
I remember I saw this movie; very sad.
4996 39 1 0 7
The Saint Of Fort Washington Trailer 1993
Director: Tim Hunter
Starring: Danny Glover, Ving Rhames, Matt Dillon, Nina Siemaszko, Joe Seneca, Rick Aviles

Official Content From Warner Home Video

A young man and a Vietnam vet, both homeless, develop a bond on the streets of Manhattan.

Movie, The Saint Of Fort Washington Movie,The Saint Of Fort Washington Trailer,The Saint Of Fort Washington 1993, Tim Hunter,Danny Glover, Ving Rhames, Matt Dillon, Nina Siemaszko, Joe Seneca, Rick Aviles
PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::205
Second best is on netflix
beautiful movie
An astonishing healing film for these maddeningly lonely & violent times.
One of the best-ever movies.
12313 35 0 0 5
Second Best Trailer 1994
Director: Chris Menges
Starring: John Hurt, William Hurt, Chris Cleary Miles, Keith Allen, Prunella Scales, Jane Horrocks

Official Content From Warner Home Video

Heart warming story of a shy, single postman who adopts a boy with a troubled past. Together they discover families are not born, they're made.

Movie, Second Best Movie,Second Best Trailer,Second Best 1994, Chris Menges,John Hurt, William Hurt, Chris Cleary Miles, Keith Allen, Prunella Scales, Jane Horrocks
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::206
He looks just like he did when he potrayed Shaggy
matthew lillard <2
18186 45 1 0 2
Serial Mom Trailer 1994
Director: John Waters
Starring: Kathleen Turner, Ricki Lake, Sam Waterston, Suzanne Somers, Matthew Lillard, Mary Jo Catlett

Official Content From HBO Video

Cult hero Waters, joins with a mainstream cast to tell the offbeat story of a extremely middle class wife and mother suspected of a series of bizarre murders.

Movie, Serial Mom Movie,Serial Mom Trailer,Serial Mom 1994, John Waters,Kathleen Turner, Ricki Lake, Sam Waterston, Suzanne Somers, Matthew Lillard, Mary Jo Catlett
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::207
Love this trailer, especially the laugh with it.
8237 32 0 0 1
The Shadow Trailer 1994
Director: Russell Mulcahy
Starring: Alec Baldwin, John Lone, Jonathan Winters, Penelope Ann Miller, Peter Boyle, Tim Curry

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

Wealthy New York playboy changes into the mysterious Shadow to fight crime with his mesmerizing ability to cloud men's minds. Will he survive the challenge of the evil Khan? Only the Shadow knows. Baldwin and company are classy and fun.

Movie, The Shadow Movie,The Shadow Trailer,The Shadow 1994, Russell Mulcahy,Alec Baldwin, John Lone, Jonathan Winters, Penelope Ann Miller, Peter Boyle, Tim Curry
PT33S
sd
MovieID::::208
D'après un livre de Raymond Carver, "Neuf Histoires et un Poème",
et dans le droit-fil de l'écrivain John Dos Passos, les destins croisés
d'Américains des classes moyennes, vivant à Los Angeles, dans les
années 90, à voir pour le plaisir d'une distribution étincelante : Andie
MacDowell, Julianne Moore, Frances McDormand, Jack Lemmon,
Matthew Modine, Tim Robbins, Peter Gallagher et consorts. : )
My favorite film by the late great Robert Altman.  I love it!
16128 41 2 0 2
www.criterion.com/www.criteriondungeon.c om
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::209
5 bags of popcorn
You can find the full movie in good quality on youtube, just type in the title and you will find it right away.
True That!

Certainly one of my FAVS!! Matilda's court scene...priceless!!!
I LOVE watching this movie. It just touches my heart and make me laugh at times, especially when he ties the little girl with a giant red ribbon to the bottom of the work bench. Great movie! :)
Silas Marner !
This is a really enjoyable movie. There aren't any scenes uploaded from it on YouTube nor is the movie too well known for some reason, but there are many powerful and emotional scenes that could well be.



Some critics disliked that Steve Martin appears outside his "clown" role, but I thought that it actually helped the movie - it makes the character a lot more authentic and tragic that we can easily imagine that he had seen better times. (Something Jim Carrey has never managed.)
Where can I watch this movie?
It's a beautiful movie!!! I recommend to watch it!!! 5 stars
62287 49 3 0 9
The mysterious arrival of a baby girl on his doorstep changes the life of an embittered bachelor.
PT21S
sd
MovieID::::210
amazing movie!
sirens trailer shows more than the full movie WHY IS THIS ? IS THE CAMERA STUCK ON FULL MOVIE BECAUSE ITS TRASH
~ Excellent little overlooked 1993-94 movie, with a hint of the supernatural, ready for an immediate remake, but with more male nudity in 2018. Fun movie to see. Cheers, DAVEDJ ~
Illuminati confirmed
isn't pamela rabe supposed to be in this?
Funny if it was the Minister who got touched up by the blind guy at the end. Then again Hugh's a poofter anyway.
A beautiful spiritual ethereal filmic experience that transports its viewer to a plateau of enlightenment. And its got great tits and muff too.
Favorite movie!
stunning cinematography  i would have given my first born to be the camera assistant on this elle mcpherson debut   where is the squeakwel
Sounds like a sexy movie.
Love this film, despite the nudity, which isn't displayed in distasteful manner.
I find this movie very beautiful.
I love how the both top comments are about the lovely Portia de Rossi. I love her so much!!
It's the only film I've seen her in, but she was great in it.
according to IMDB it's her first movie listed.!
Love this film! How refreshing to see nudity celebrated in a tasteful manner.
I had no idea Portia De Rossi was in this film, what a great movie.
767319 252 67 0 20
Sirens - ahh...what a lustful, lyric beautiful drama, with 3 amazing women and one Hugh Grant.
A young reverend and his wife are on the way from England to Australia to minister to their flock. The bishop asks him to visit an eccentric artist prone to sexual depictions and requests that he voluntarily withdraw a controversial work call "Crucified Venus" from his show. The minister, who considers himself a progressive, is shocked at the amoral atmosphere surrounding the painter, his wife, and the three models living at his estate. The minister's wife is troubled also, and has to deal with latent sexual urges while trying to remain loyal to her husband.

Starring: Hugh Grant, Tara Fitzgerald, Sam Neill, Elle Macpherson, Portia de Rossi
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::211
This is a lie
wow this movie looks shitty
Wonderful movie. It's the one arty Will Smith movie people don't know about.
My favorite movie
kevin bacon. . . all i can think of.
bill simmons brought me here
WTH YOU ARE IGNORANT
IF YOU GETTIING PAID QUARTER OF A MILLION DOLLARS YOU WOULD
ITS CALLED ACTING DUMBASS
rth oiue hjje
0:18 Wassily Kandinsky's picture!!!
Ahahaha will playin a gay guy? Too funny
there are men who r gay for pay how can u be straight?
no gay for pay
"Acting - is the work of an actor or actress, which is a person in a film who tells the story by portraying a character."

"Reality - is the state of things as they actually exist, rather than as they may appear or might be imagined."
I kinda agree with you. I would like to see a black actor or actress be nominated for an academy award for a role in a movie where racism isn't the subject matter nor trying to promote interracial romance although I have no problem with it. I would like to see a black actor win an oscar for a role like Forrest Gump, The Joker, Hannibal Lecter, Rooster Cogburn, Benjamin Button, Frank Slade (Scent of a Woman) or Raymond Babbit (Rain Man) and not for the typical roles like maids, pimps, & thugs.
A Great film. I always wonder how Stockard Channing got an oscar nomination for this movie but not Will Smith? He was perfect in this movie!
LOL.Did you mean to say a real nigga?
gostaria de assistir o trailer legendado em PORTUGUÊS - BRASIL
Its one thing to play gay its another thing to get in  bed with another man naked and getting intimate. acting or not.
he still did it.
That just shows that he's a talented actor.
I agree but is doesnt mean u would u would do what will smith did.
if u r gay u play gay roles
this is a great film but the kids were brats
this was the only movie where i thought will smith was great
I'm a step further from your route, I was listening to a chillout mix "Nigel Stately - Deep cafe Vol 1" and the lyrics "six degrees of separation" came up. I remembered I heard about the concept, so googled it, was led to wikiepedia, then The Script, then here. OMG, I can so relate to the song.. I've tried self hypnosis, tarots, and all that Sh**... out of desperation! Anyway, nice song and nice movie :D kinda awkward concept
1. Ugly word.
2. Actors should be able to play any role.
I wouldn't say that Will Smith is an ignorant moron in this movie though, he seemed like quite the intellect.
So the movie is about ignorant morons?
That's rather obvious!
So you're saying who is an ignorant moron then?
That's rather evident.  You're an ignorant moron!
What are you trying to say?
Wow, then you and the 22 people that gave you a thumbs up obviously need information force fed to you.  The movie is basically explained in the first 15 F-ing seconds!
I suppose if I was going to rip someone off I'd want to cover my tracks.  Just a general statement
totally thought i was getting rick rolled at 0:55
I watched the movie and tried to pay attention but I still have no clue what this movie is about...
Wow, you must be a lot smarter than me to last a full 54 seconds.
Well the Script new song "Six Degrees Of Separation " from their  #3 album leaked yesterday made me wonder about this concept so I've search about it in Wikipedia & finally ended up here , It Seems a good movie to watch :D :D
short summary, this movie is about will smith he had ana ffair with the father mother and son and daughter in this movie and had sex with them and stole money.
it'd be 4 lol. Messi knows Drogba.
Maybe six degrees away from Didier Drogba.
damn. typing with a Jamaican accent looks tough....
Roland Emmerich confirmed that this movie was the main reason Will Smith got the main role of Independence Day.
So...............What is this about again?
omg when i heard the music i thought i was gonna get rick rolled lolzz
Who wants to be a millionaire any1?
mi loose offa will smith star, the man really play a role inna movie a fuck a man, nothing more weh him inna mi nuh want see again.........a botty boy dat.

we're only 6 degrees from johnny depp- I'm closer than that.
thats not awkward at all.
Love this movie.  Will Smith was great and so were Donald Sutherland and Stockard Channing!
@hellokittygirl6 I am with in 3. Maybe 2.
@FortitudeOfHeaven
The story lacks any reality, which can normally be redeemed if the film is in the genre of sci-fi or fantasy. In this genre the lack of credibility can be made up for by a final plot twist, which is what the viewer will wait for.
Unfortunately it never arrives, the story just goes as follows. Will Smith learns to act posh and respectable while supposedly being the opposite, then he gets kicked out of a posh house, but wait.........no thats it.
3 degrees away from Lionel Messi. OH SNAP.
Just finished watching....very entertaining in a witty, charming, and chaotic way.
SO SOME RANDOM ASS MAN MADE A VIDEO SAYING THAT WILL SMITH IS A SELL OUT BCUZ HE HAD A GAY SCENE IN THIS MOVIE WHICH SOMEHOW IS SUPPOSED TO MAKE HIM LESS OF A MAN IN REAL LIFE. HELP ME TO UNDERSTAND AFTER 2 WIVES AND 3 KIDS LATER.....
@IluvMJandBrunoMars ok ... well warning is for others then. enjoy.
@HLecterPHD  don't! i haven't seen it and i want to so there!
@IluvMJandBrunoMars i know. The truth hurts. Fair warning people. it sucks ass.
@HLecterPHD Oh shut it!
This film sucks. You have been warned.
@tag1989 you are correct, "Made in America" was Will Smith's first film, but it was so bad, people prefer not to acknowledge its existence.
@TIPTON340 I THOUGHT "MADE IN AMERICA" WAS HIS FILM DEBUT?
@Simma7  any idea were i coul see it
@nuknuknuk111 lol its no prob..one of my friends hinted at it too
@Simma7 my bad bro i was just curious but trust me i didnt tell that much cause theres much more interesting stuff
@nuknuknuk111 i wish i didnt read your comment since i didnt see this movie
so did will smith die in this movie or not because the police took him away and they never could get in touch wit him after that and they said some guy hung himself in the prison so was it will?
@czerniakow1 lol at you pretending to actually know something. Why'd you remove all your comments?
@czerniakow1 oh yea... of course... what is not to get?... I mean everybody is separated by 6 degrees. I mean that's just crystal clear like diamond man. Obviously it means we are all on a graph and are vectors separated by angles of 6 degrees. Golly gee that's just so clear there is no ambiguity there. How could I be so naive...?
I watched this trailer and tried to pay attention but I still have no clue what this movie is about...
great movie!
... indeed thanks for uploading;
I love this trailer;
i like this movie because a friend of mine is in this film she has only 3 lines but shes in there,and she got paid,i have been trying since 1999 when belly came out,and i have not yet recieved a speaking role in a film,but i'm having fun and making extra money as an extra background worker,there is an airport scene,that is were we worked in the real world and that is the scene she was in,playing the role that we did everyday,airport security,her lines were "thank you sir" and she recieved a cell
Will Smith's film debut
im six degrees away from johnny depp....sigh!
292247 270 25 0 81
Six Degrees Of Separation Trailer for Sunday Night Movie Club folk.
PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::212
silver.. lining?... oh look no silver lining in this move.. joyous.. so glad i never saw this.
That's neat but the trailer doesn't show anything of the Riptide project
Where can i see this version ???because i try find it but i didnt find nothing.
The ending was a WTF ending
Music from Basic Instinct and the voice of Optimus Prime. They knew how to make trailers in the 90s.
what? isn't this song the same for basic instinct 2?
Seems we now know what Dr Will Van Der Woodsen was up to when he was gone...
xoxo, Gossip Girl

Now to the movie, looks good, will probably watch it.
They always had that narrator in every trailer during the 90s LOL
No R2D2 What he was in this I watched beneath the dome He was in Man Of Lamancha Little Big Droid And Grease
No R2D2 What he was in this I watched beneath the dome He was in Man Of Lamancha Little Big Droid And Grease
J'ai revu ce film récemment. C'est l'adaptation cinématographique du roman éponyme d'Ira Levin.  Il y a plein de stars connus dedans. Martin Landeau y fait une apparition entre autre.

Personnellement, ce n'est pas mon préféré question histoire car je trouve qu'il est trop semblable à "Piège mortel" en ce qui concerne les rebondissements. C'est juste mon avis, bien sûr. ça reste quand même un très bon film avec une une histoire assez intéressante. Donc, je recommande le visionnage, évidemment.
rooster teeth
i think this movie dosent match the song from UB40 at all,,just sayn :)
look up basic instinct theme
I remember my brother and I would call that one scene where he sneaks up on her the "butt pole" scene.  Would crack up every time it came on
press 7 for disappearing sunglasses man...
Anybody know the music for this trailer?
@latinelf I know, it's like both versions of the ending and the ending of the book are all bad.
@haleyteddy03 In the book, a cat jumps over the killer and tears out his eyes.
@melbourneguy100 I would like to know the original ending, to compare. I was a little kid in 1993 but this is my favorite movie.
356958 133 19 0 29
You like to watch...don't you
PT2M30S
sd
MovieID::::213
wow, nooot scam!
13901 14 2 0 2
Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.

New teaser from Blade Runner: The Final Cut - In cinemas 3 Apr | BFI release

For more information on the UK-wide release and to buy tickets click here: http://bit.ly/1zJVMga



Book tickets for BFI Southbank screenings here: http://bit.ly/1EqvbJn





Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/

Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI

Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute

Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT15S
hd
MovieID::::214
24049 13 2 0 0
A movie with Nastassja Kinski and Ben Kingsley.

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089256/
PT3M37S
sd
MovieID::::215
Trailer spoiler e.e
This was dope. Just put my Patna onto it
Ice T is. . . The Predator
390 Million guns in this country. Good luck to those who plan on taking them all away..lol
Ive never seen a trailer ruin the movie plot so much, They included the part that he went back to the cabin lol?
Rutger Hauer RIP
this sorta thing actually happens in real life.
Mess with the wrong Nigga
Illuminati vs Masons.
i saw this movie as a kid, and it didnt disappoint. the idea of this movie was very cool. get a bunch a people who are considered nobodies to society, who have nothing to live for , offer them an extensive amount of money just to live.  that shit was brutal
onde encontro este filme em portugues  ??
Surviving The Game movie is a classic. I love Rutger Hauer, Charles Dutton, Gary Busey and rapper Ice T. Black movie director Ernest Dickerson directed it. He also directed the classic movie Juice with dead rapper 2Pac Shakur, Omar Epps, Khalil Kain, Jermaine Hopkins, r&b singer Cindy Herron of En Vogue and Samuel Jackson.
I'm gonna order this off amazon
Why F.Murray Abraham's name is underlined on credits?
I just saw it. Nice movie from Ice T.
50566 144 9 0 21
Surviving The Game Trailer 1994
Director: Ernest R. Dickerson
Starring: Charles S. Dutton, Gary Busey,  Ice-T, John C. McGinley, Rutger Hauer, William McNamara

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Six macho hunters seek the ultimate kill. Set in the Pacific Northwest this man hunts man story features a cast of over the top tough guys.

Movie, Surviving The Game Movie,Surviving The Game Trailer,Surviving The Game 1994, Ernest R. Dickerson,Charles S. Dutton, Gary Busey,  Ice-T, John C. McGinley, Rutger Hauer, William McNamara
PT1M57S
sd
MovieID::::216
makes folks like john lennon look like mental cases..this cat is way out there..God bless him...whew..arteeeeeeeeeest
is Canada still a place thats so cool to visit?  been hearing its pretty shitty now.
Gem(s) from Heaven?!
What is the music used in Lake Simcoe?
www.facebook.com/ggpoetalunardopiano
www.facebook.com/ggpoetalunardopiano
Colm Feore was an excellent choice to play Glenn Gould.  I haven't seen this film in years.  Its been on my Netflix for years.  Thanks for uploading it
Superb. I saw this many years ago at a film festival. Earlier this week I downloaded the Goldberg Variations (1981) and listened to it (again, after many years) twice during a long drive, and that made me want to see the film again. The CD318 film is my favorite, just to see the magnificent engineering that goes into a great piano, but I will admit that the Voyager film got me smiling with a few tears.
For anyone not in the know, there are 32 short films because the Goldberg (his most famous recording) has one theme with 31 variations, most of which are quite short. A perfect concept.
Glenn Gould - Bach Keyboard Concerto No.5 in f minor II & III movements (slowed down & sped up)
49469 207 8 0 14
1. Aria
2. Lake Simcoe
PT7M2S
sd
MovieID::::217
I love this film.


http://www.alluc.com/l/True-Romance-1993-480p-BRRip-XviD-AC3-Voltage/a4p4l9z.4b
Just watched this trailer for the first time since it was in theaters...Clarance wasn't a con man...he was a comic book man. Not so much the same thing. What a great movie though.

written by Quentin Tarantino ??? Thats all i need to know!
the best film ever
72632 100 6 0 5
Original theatrical trailer for the 1993 film "True Romance."  Starring Christian Slater, Patricia Arquette, Michael Rappaport, Bronson Pinchot, Saul Rubinek, Dennis Hopper, Gary Oldman, James Gandolfini, Christopher Walken, Chris Penn, Tom Sizemore, Brad Pitt, Val Kilmer, Samuel L. Jackson.  Written by Quentin Tarantino.  Directed by Tony Scott.
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::218
Paris France, 1994 film
... Can anyone help me find this film online?
22343 13 6 0 3
Paris France Trailer 1994
Director: Gerard Ciccoritti
Starring: Leslie Hope, Peter Outerbridge, Victor Ertmanis, Dan Lett, Raoul Trujillo,

Official Content From A-Pix

An inhibited housewife. A sexy younger man. A torrid affair. A new outlook on life. Unrated version available.

Movie, Paris France Movie,Paris France Trailer,Paris France 1994, Gerard Ciccoritti,Leslie Hope, Peter Outerbridge, Victor Ertmanis, Dan Lett, Raoul Trujillo,
PT1M29S
sd
MovieID::::219
omg  upload this .. please please please please please I don't care if I have to watch it in 10 minute increments or not I really want to see this but not crazy about having to pay and the other  link they give you asks for your credit card I'm not going to do that
wish someone would upload this video
Anyone know where to purchase this movie?  Amazon has it on VHS tape but I want a DVD.
can anyone post full time movie ? :) or give me a download link for this movie, i searched many times but i couldn't find...
This film is also known as 'Forbidden Choices'.
Vc poderia colocar mais videos desse filme ,amo ele e não consigo encontra-lo mais para assistir.
9256 26 2 0 7

PT8M7S
sd
MovieID::::220
I need a copy of this movie! This movie is in catagory of its own quirkiness. Like Snatch
where can I watch this?  Why are LaPaglia films from the 90ss so hard to find?!
8715 35 3 0 2
Bulletproof Heart Trailer 1995
Director: Mark Malone
Starring: Anthony LaPaglia, Matt Craven, Mimi Rogers, Peter Boyle,  ,

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

A New York assassin is hired to murder a beautiful woman who wants to die. The killer has to deal with emotions he didn't know he had when he falls in love with her.

Movie, Bulletproof Heart Movie,Bulletproof Heart Trailer,Bulletproof Heart 1995, Mark Malone,Anthony LaPaglia, Matt Craven, Mimi Rogers, Peter Boyle,  ,
PT2M35S
sd
MovieID::::221
1:24 For Those Who Are Wondering Yes Its A Real Golf Course In North Myrtle Beach SC And The Volcano Is Still There
I worked on this movie it was the first large set I had been on and met Dennis Hopper who was the Director, in Charelston, SC.
Two actors from Under Siege (Busey and Eleniak) in the same movie directed by Dennis Hopper. He must have enjoyed that movie.
A forgotten but good funny movie/gem
Very funny and underrated film.
"A film by Dennis Hopper" never heard of this movie before and was not expecting to hear that in the trailer
25226 53 5 0 8

PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::222
If You Have The 1993 VHS Of Disney's Sing-Along Songs:Friend Like Me?

Please Post Some Trailers From This Tape!
20352 41 9 0 1
Trailer for Cronos (1993) captured from the Leprechaun 2 (1994) tape released in (1994).
PT1M32S
sd
MovieID::::223
Does anybody know the song playing in the background
Good indie movie, kind you don't see anymore.
timoty good actor.
Okay so it looked like Ralph Finally grew up after a while so im concerned how old he was in this film.
Kathleen Turner was also in Serial Mom the same year Naked in New York came out. Also Eric Stoltz was in Killing Zoe the same year he did that film. Another fact Whoppi Goldberg was also in Corrina Corrina when she did that film as well.
7939 35 2 0 6
Naked In New York Trailer 1994
Director: Daniel Algrant
Starring: Eric Stoltz, Jill Clayburgh, Kathleen Turner, Mary-Louise Parker, Ralph Macchio, Tony Curtis

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The hilarious story of a playwrite's first production complicated by his unconventional family, his precarious relationship and his cast of kooks. Produced by Martin Scorsese with lots of great cameos.

Movie, Naked In New York Movie,Naked In New York Trailer,Naked In New York 1994, Daniel Algrant,Eric Stoltz, Jill Clayburgh, Kathleen Turner, Mary-Louise Parker, Ralph Macchio, Tony Curtis
PT2M16S
sd
MovieID::::224
One of my favorite films
I remember that scene "YOU WHORE" very well.
I wish there was a 1080p of this around somewhere. Great movie
great film this
43662 107 10 0 6
A disparate group of Asian women from a Birmingham community centre go a day trip to Blackpool so that they can enjoy some "female fun time," and a reprieve from everyday racism and sexism.

Directed by Gurinder Chadha (Bend it Like Beckham), co-written by Chadha and Meera Syal, and starring Kim Vithana, Shaheen Khan, Sarita Khajuria, Lalita Ahmed, Zohra Segal, Nisha Nayar and Renu Kochar.

A Film4 Production, released in the UK on 21st January 1994.

How to contact Film4:
If you are in the UK & Eire and want to buy any of these films on DVD or download please search here http://www.findanyfilm.com/
If you are a viewer, and want to contact us about anything on any of our channels (including Film4 Channel) please follow this link http://www.channel4.com/4viewers/faq
If you are a filmmaker, and want to contact us about Film4 Productions please follow this link http://www.film4.com/film4-productions/how-to-submit-a-project
For general information about Film4 please follow this linkhttp://www.film4.com/faq
If you are based outside the UK and want to see any of these films on DVD or download please check with your local distributors
If you are an international distributor or film festival, and want to license the Film4 Library films please follow this link http://www.film4library.com/contactus.asp
PT1M51S
hd
MovieID::::225
They weren't sure how to market a film about incest, so they make a trailer like this. What a mess
I'd rather have the mom than that annoying girlfriend if I was Raymond
This was an uncomfortably dark film, and I saw it at entirely too young of an age.
Great movie, too bad horny Indians obsess over it
It's been awhile since a good movie made mother/son incest not seem weird. Oh wait...
Alberta Watson was soooo fucking sexy in this..makes me wanna spank m.
well, u get it
Saw this on mushrooms
A movie about incest. No thanks
I love mom son real incest boy
Only white people do this shit.
Sick, twisted little flick.
There aren't enough movies exploring mother son relationships like this. Great film.
Where can this be watched?
I love Jeremy Davies, but what the hell IS this?
Funny ass title lol
This was sick beyond words, but great movie though, watch it without reading it's worth the surprise.
That's a good one
Hey do you know what song is playing in this trailer? Thanks.
About the spanking, never listen against CCTDaily about why physical punishment is wrong: http://www.crunchyroll.com/forumtopic-877315/the-truth-about-corporal-punishment-proof
What a sad movie.
this is a good movie
What is that song playing in the trailer?
LMAO!!!! Pun intended?!
This is absolutely the best comment I have seen in ages!!!!!!!!!!! I'm still laughing as I write! I take my hat off, and nothing else, to you Sir! I have neither seen the film nor have any intention of Fucking my mother! ahahahaha!
Love the movie, HATE the trailer!
up load the hole movie please
Wow i love how the trailer is totally misleading,I just watched this movie and it was no where near a comedy film.It is about how sexual tension built up and escalated into incest.Interesting movie horrible trailer.
Darkly black comedy about a boy and his mother.
Saw the funny title and thought it explained enough to watch it. The title is way more innocent than this disturbing film. I lost my boner...
it is considered a comedy but i didnt find it funny at all it was a bit weird
@chris978820 Yes.
Happy Mother's Day!
Great video. Very dark and thoughtful, and I must be the only person I know who's seen it, unfortunately, and that was because I caught it on late at night a couple years ago and thought "Spanking the Monkey" was gonna be an HBO softcore porno.
Our Alberta was stunning in this movie. Oscar-worthy performance :)
Daisy Wick is so young  and cute here. (And yet, looks pretty much the same as she does now XD)
Como se llama esta pelicula en español, aveces no es la traduccion
703425 267 60 0 48
A 1994 film by David O. Russell (before the "O.")

Starring Jeremy Davies and Alberta Watson

This is the official trailer that is on the DVD.
PT2M2S
sd
MovieID::::226
Deleted Scenes With The Little Rascals 1994 Trailer
we (millenials) really had some of the most inspiring and controversial kids movies coming out in the 90s, i feel like after the early 20's the industry softened up and became a trash hole for sjw's and political correctness
This was my favourite movie when I was like 6
Ok but two kids kissing kids shouldn't even kiss you directors are stupid two kids shouldn't be kissing even if it's just a film
i love the show
Alfalfa too fool
Anyone in 2018?
this is such a good ass Movie since in years.
this film is crap
In the movie they make car .nd I try to make one but..
this movie was my childhood
who's seen the little rascals cartoon
this is a good movie
I remember watching the little rascals
So happy it's on Netflix
why didn't this get a sequel? I couldn't get enough of this movie when I was a kid
Oh brother. On my last week at school as a 7th grader (I'm about to head into 8th), my science teacher played this. Everyone in my class laughed at it except for me. And I had no idea why I wasn't laughing. It was an interesting idea but it doesn't seem to fit on me. But I looked at the reviews for the movie seeing that it's negative. So even though I havn't seen the original, I probably thought it sucked. I just didn't knew. And to me, that doesn't make any sense.
I remember seeing this trailer on the 1994 VHS of ''The Flintstones'' but with minor differences, like the one where The Little Rascals sign tilts to the left revealing ''Playing This Summer'' and it fades to the text saying ''Available on Videocassette Spring 1995''.
Minha infância em um trailer!!!!!
Amo esse filme!!!!!!
Sou de 1993.... Mas esse filme marcou demais a minha vida!!!!
I haven't seen this film since I was 10. Thank god, I found an article and the picture looked familiar.
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.580852795356616.1073741831.371430116298886&type=1
Tommy "Butch" Bond, an uncredited rascal became a teacher at a high school that I go to right now. He's my current PE teacher.
Quick, what's the number for 911!?
I never really liked this movie lol
Bitch please, I watched this in 1994?
anybody know the name of the guy doing the voiceover for the trailer? i've always wondered.
I love this film
aw used to watch this all the time as a kid, was taped on vhs :')
What memories!! I use to watch "The Little Rascals" all the time when I was younger. Now I am writing about the 'alfalfa' herb on my blog "Our Daily Bread Herbal Remedy-Alfalfa" and I just couldn't resist connecting both the herb and the little boy by the same name.
This movie was so cute!!
0:28
NO!!!!!
i memorized every line of this movie since i watched it many mny mny mny times when i was little xD
Hilarious how that little Alfalfa turned out to be the main character in an American Pie movie :')
at 0:15 that wasn't in the movie you know!
Quick.What's the number for 911 ~ LOL
the little rascals and the sandlot are 2 of my favorite movies
The other Little Rascals trailer is on dvd!
It's impossible to find someone who hasn't seen this movie. Gotta love this classic!
thumb her down if you're not! lets see if we can get her back down to zero! no offense princess!
dont haft to call them a bitch!

Good memories
More like 2013

Hey I'm only 13 it's 2013 dopest movie even though people don't like this shit
Who cares what year it is? whatever year it is, it will always be my favorite movie <3
Bitch im watching this at 2013
Love this movie
2013 people?! :D
one of my favorite childhood movies ! damn
nope in 2013...
Childhood memories
I saw this film when I was little.
Remember that letter Darla kinda gotten? It should've been for Elena from Stefan - it'll say:
Dear Elena - I hate your fuckin' guts! You make me wanna vomit all over you...you should kiss a dead cow's pussy. -Stefan. *P.S. I slept with a woman that used to be a man.
Damon & I will do it - boy Stefan's gonna get a good ASSWHOOPIN' from her...we wouldn't miss it!
HA HA :D
Omgosh I FOUND THIS MOVIE!! when I was rrly young we watched this movie like at this camp and I remember having a crush on them :) I tried to find and remember what it was called all these times and NOW I FOUND IT!
I remember when my mom first bought this I was like 6 (':
they look so younger than what i remember,lol.kids today should watch this film:its hilarious
Anybody who says movies don't have an impact on your life are wrong.

Didn't even love this film but feel like it made an impact on the way i see life today(i was like 5 when i watched this)
OMG, they are so adorable~~~~!!
Even though I prefer the orignal Little Rascals series, I still have a soft spot for this remake.
Omg I remember this movie (: ohhhh good movie
i loved this shit in the day
This is the first movie I remember watching when I was younger s2
there a rumor that they might make a remake of the movie in 2014
This is the movie of my childhood!
Lol used to have this on VHS when i was a younging, lots of memories from this trailer
Man I watchedthis movie again after aged... It's seems so short when you watch it when your'e older and have seen it a million times... Haha
i remember this movie when i was a kid. how i love this movie
4 dislikes? they should burn in hell, this is a classic movie and one of the best AND will live forever!
"if we were you'r kids we'd punish ourselves" XD
I havent seen this movie for years!!!!
0:51 hahaha my favorite scene
The awkward moment when u find out Alfalfa is in American Pie the book of love


*awesome moment
AMUS brought me here!
where can i get this movie :O??
this is a really good show.
Where did you get this preview?  Did you adapt it from a dvd or something?
This movie was a PURE piece of shit.
i think they all have kids now =o


The movie of my childhood. Good times...
I was born in 1992 and I watched this movie so much as a kid the tape broke. Seeing this trailer brought back to many good memories.
this movie was really irritating. Half of the movie is little kids running around in underwear sped up. D:
spanky is soooooooo cute
I have not seen this since i was lik 5.....what a film!!
Luv it!!!!!!!!!!!:)
0:51 "Quick, what's the number for 911!"



Laugh my butt off everytime!
tht was my fav. movie EVER!!!!
that's one of my FAVORITE movies!!
quick whats the number to 911! lmfaooo!
dis movie iz da bomb digget freash i <3 every moment my fav person buckwheat
at last i found this movie!!

i was grade 3 when watched this movie now i'm 3rd year high school..

i don't know what is the title of this movie it take me a years to find it...i found this at amazon... i am so glad i found this movie: )
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo cute!
531982 760 53 0 123
Theatrical Trailer to the Penelope Speeris' film "The Little Rascals".
PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::227
I cry when Toni cries
Man these types of movies remind me of my lil tv that had a vhs player in it good days
I just got this movie from my mom and I can not wait to watch it. Now just to find a vcr player lol
Where the fuck is the sound
Where can i find the trailer for this movie where the audio hasn't been removed?
Why is it silent,
I remember this movie so cute
this is my name
childhood? is that you? :')
Takes me back to when I was little.
My childhood <3
Life Of Pi copied this - 1:15
Kinda gave away the whole plot there didn't they?

I choose movies still in Vhs to watch on my telecasting Tv.  Like Disney too.
Childhood right thurrr
is it out on disc
wow what a nice movie!!! its like waterhorse!!! ^_^ i do love movies with creatures
im just loockin for the movie of andrei the butcher.... :pokerface:
Hey look, Pedro, it's Deb.
My mam said when I was little I used to do the dance all the time.
@OohOx I just bought it at Wal Mart.  It was in the pile where they were selling DVD's for 5 bucks.
I've Been Trying To Think Of What This Film Was Called For Years.. I Just Bought It Off Amazon I Absouletly Loved This Film When I Was Little And I Just Had To Buy It
i remember watching this as a kid, such a nice movie, miss being younge
One of the many awesome parts of this movie is that the original girl that became friends with andre, Tony, is the one who years later is narrating this movie. :3 i loved it when i heard about it.
p.s way better than flipper
yo is it just me or does a different voice keep cutting in? hhaha creeeep
@gigglegigglewings: found it- its called slappy and the stinkers!!! Only took half an hour of searching woohoo go me lol :P i Hipe thats the one ur thinking of
@gigglegigglewings: i remember there being another movie with a seal or sea lion in it and a bunch of kids. Probs a movie made in the 90's but its def not Andre... Does anyone know which one im talking bout? I remember there being a pool scene filled w ice cubes and the put the seal in there...ugh bothering me so much!! Thanks guys :)
is there another movie like this cuz i remember there was!?
I remember wishing I had the little girls nose everytime I watched Andre, so everytime I had a cold I would breathe in to have her nostrils. Lol!

I was a freak!
does anyone know what movies the trailers shown on the vhs of andre were called? i remember there was a movie i wanted to see but now i can remember what it was even about or what it was called
does anyone know what the title of the movies were in the trailers on the vhs version of this movie? i remember there was a movie i wanted to see but now i cant remember what it was called or much of what it was about haha
What is the song that's starts at 0:22?
they so need that on DVD/BluRay!  I loved this movie as a kid and hope to have it for my kids someday!
Omg! This is a movie I've loved since I was a kid. I love how it's not only for entertainment, but that it's a real story about developing a life-long friendship.
Seals don't blow raspberries, do they?
aww gosh, thankyou!!!!! this was my favourite film when I was littlle, at the end I always cried! I want ot so much on DVD now.. the story is just striking and the characters are so familiar to me. yikes, i need this!!!!
my fav film EVA!!!
135100 226 9 0 41
Keith Carradine and Tina Majorino
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::228
Lovely to see John Sessions in this, even if only for a moment.
And this is how Phoebe and Rik Mayall teamed up? They both are amazing
Is this like The Princess Diaries?
Didn't they discover she was Malaysian & a fraud.
Why is this film so hard to find?
An absolute gem of a movie. Great story, great performances and a stellar cast. However it did rather poorly at the box office and was Phoebe Cates last major movie.
Ha ha, I've got to see this now.
I once rented this on Netflix. I've seen this and I loved it. Friends of Kevin (Kline) mentioned this to me and I told them "Oh, I love Princess Caraboo." Sadly this movie was out of print and rare.
Do you know where I can download this movie?
My name is Chris Baker, I currently live in the house of where Princess Caraboo lived - if anyone has any information, artaffects or if you went to school in the house, please feel free to get in contact with me, love to hear from you
Thank you for your reply. Much appreciated.
Arklie Whiteley did play the part of "Betty" one of the Warrel's servant girls and the one Mr. Warrel (Jim Broadbent) is having an affair with. Sadly Arklie Whiteley died in December 2001.
Hi John :) Could you help me out? I was wondering how big a part "Betty" has in this movie and what her part is? Is she a servant? Is "Betty" a bigger part or a smaller part in this film? "Betty" is played by Arkie Whiteley, but I guess it's a smaller part since Arkie's name isn't mentioned on the end-credits on this trailer. Thank you in advance :) JEL
An excellent movie. Phoebe Cates at her absolute best.
43582 104 5 0 27
PRINCESS CARABOO Trailer
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::229
1559 4 0 0 0
I Don't Want To Talk About It Trailer 1993
Director: Maria Luisa Bremberg
Starring: Marcello Mastroianni, Luisina Brando,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A provocative love story with a Fellini-esque twist about a handsome, wealthy European and the unlikely object of his affections. A fine performance by Mastroianni. Spanish with English subtitles.

Movie, I Don't Want To Talk About It Movie,I Don't Want To Talk About It Trailer,I Don't Want To Talk About It 1993, Maria Luisa Bremberg,Marcello Mastroianni, Luisina Brando,  ,  ,  ,
PT1M53S
sd
MovieID::::230
What song is this playing in the trailer
0:07 I don’t remember this scene wen she was saying we are gonna miss the plane
At 0:51 Does anyone know what this song is? I can't seem to find it.
RIP John Heard. It’s been a year since his death.
The music that starts at 0:19 is from the movie Murder By Death.
As seen on DuckTales The Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp 1990 Theater
I only can get Home Alone on The Santa Clause, Toy Story, Ice Age, The Polar Express, Alvin and the Chipmunks, Up and Toy Story 3
This was the first trailer. You can tell because John Williams' name isn't on it
This was the trailer they showed in australian cinemas. I remember the big laugh it got when she screams KEVINNNN. She forgot her own damn kid.
loved it when Catherine O'Hara says "somebody pick up, PICK UP!"
What the fuck
$x4$ - Always The Buzz
3x30 - Know Of Fuller
7x77 - Stay With Colder
8x88 - Meet with Kevin
5x66 - Curse Quick Quest
4x45 - Liers Mini Sleep
3x33 - Car Amzed
6x77 - Ninja Kicked
5x50 - Lost In New York
7x77 - Tocb-Kevin
3x44 - The Kiers Kickers
Marv And Harry
1990; Home Alone Trailer HQ (Version 2)
nice but not complete

I agree with you the WHOLE way :3
Stupid Canada goose
@ZAKATORIX2 Keep A Knockin' by Little Richard
Dirceted by Chris Columbus!
Joe Pesci in a family film? Pshaw! Next thing you know George Carlin, who prayed to Pesci, will be narrating a kids’ tv show about talking trains.
This is my favorite of all of the trailers that were used to promote this movie. In fact, look at the credits at the end and you'll notice that it is Bruce Broughton who is credited with doing the music, not John Williams. Director Chris Columbus explains why in the commentary track on the DVD and Blu-Ray.
The PERFECT holiday movie ever!
208943 162 15 0 33
Home Alone Preview

Version 2
PT1M50S
sd
MovieID::::231
What is that song on 0:48?
Taken from D2: The Mighty Ducks VHS
today's movies are so garbage garbage garbage
Mark Elliott the voice of Disney
Mark Elliott. "The voice of Disney"
I'm literally crying
Look There's The Name Of The Music - Disney's Orchestra Collection Selections From Vol. 1 With The Song - Heigh Ho
Thank you, Walt Disney for giving us the magic of happiness since 1937.
Happy 80th anniversary!!!
https://voirstreaming.net/blanche-neige-et…-sept-nains-1937/
Taken from The Return of Jafar 1994 VHS
Yup! My all time favorite Disney movie <3
Also taken from The Return of Jafar.
102997 134 14 0 21
Trailer for Snow White (1937) captured from the The Nightmare Before Christmas (1994) VHS tape.
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::232
I want tell you I have good story in my life it real story please answer to me
RIP Marshall
He said bracelet...it was a necklace
12030 41 2 0 3
Garry Marshall talks about filming PRETTY WOMAN, including the iconic jewelry box scene with Julia Roberts, which was originally intended to be included in a gag reel.
PT1M33S
sd
MovieID::::233
So a Russian movie commenting on the listlessness and newly deprived culturelessness of ex Soviets, viewing a country way past falling apart; is depicted here as a consumerist family romp.
wheres the full movie with subtitles, pls?
Where can I see this movie?
5644 26 2 0 4
Window To Paris Trailer 1995
Director: Yuri Mamin
Starring: Agnes Soral, Serguei Dontsov, Victor Mikhailov,  ,  ,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Classic Russian black humor. A young musician discovers a magic window that transports him from his dreary Moscow apartment to the streets of Paris. Russian with English subtitles.

Movie, Window To Paris Movie,Window To Paris Trailer,Window To Paris 1995, Yuri Mamin,Agnes Soral, Serguei Dontsov, Victor Mikhailov,  ,  ,
PT1M8S
sd
MovieID::::234
dont mind me, looking for wild west movies after playing rdr2.
"He does most of his killin' with a coffee cup"-Regarding Edmund O'Brien's character.
"You want Angel?  I give you Angel!"
"Let's go"---"Why not"
Holden didn't care for his moustache but Peckinpah insisted.
This was Peckinpah's masterpiece. But because of the bridge collapse scene, the Humane Society started to oversee films.
Sam the man Peckinpah
classic movie  love it
The Grumpy Bunch
When they first introduced Colt 1911s in the Army. Cutting edge high tech stuff back then.
.......the magnificent-..........
Once upon a time in 1913...The Wild Bunch (1969).Classic!
Red Dead Redemption seems to have heavy influences from this film.
Sammy, un genio, poeta de la violencia, de los loosers, de las tardes tristes y crepusculares, de los fracasados.
Pretty good movie. Just felt a little long in the partying with the mexicans parts.
Wasted a hour and a half watching that shit of a movie. Film fucking suck balls hard!
Best paper about this film. It's free: https://www.academia.edu/8322290/Peckinpah_s_Groundless_Ground_of_Ethics_in_the_Wild_Bunch
That trailer is bloody awful, make the movie look terrible
Vampires Crypt, no offense intended but you obviously have not seen it, or at least had not when you posted your comment. Nothing tame about this movie. The trailer doesn't do it justice.
Este debe ser el Western mejor pensado y dirigido, además, el elenco es de primera
categoría. Los actores que trabajaron en el mismo, pensaron unos diez años después
algo parecido y opinaron que núnca se habían llevado mejor que en esa película.
When Men were Men.
This is the move...
this looks pretty tame how did it get a NC-17 rating ? :/
L.Q. as T.C.
And there's no distortion. We know history. Just about every people that's ever owned land has taken it from someone else. That's how it works. Hell, the non-white world still practices slavery. The white man has nothing to be ashamed for having superior firepower and conquering abilities over other races.
Whatever. Like Mexicans were some angels. Like the "native Americans" didn't kill each other over land before the white man showed up. You just sound like a pathetic sour grapes.
I couldn't agree more!!
When it comes to underrated people sam peckinpaugh is one   shame too this is a great old west movie  i also loved the battle of cable hogue  bring me the head of alfredo garcia and pat garrett and billy the kid as well this is a awesome movie not one to be missed
Tarantino has some splaining to do. Just kidding lol.
Narrated by William Holden
Great, great movie. One of my favorite westerns. William Holden gave such a powerful performance. All great actors. I can't recommend this movie enough.
Wow. What a buffoonic attempt at trying to sound intelligent and relevant. "the bloodiest of racist wars"? You know absolutely nothing about world history or you are being intellectually dishonest to push forth your agenda. Either way, your comment is utterly moronic. That and stop your politically driven crying. That song is getting REAL old.

BTW, I agree with the last statement in your post. This is one of the greatest Westerns of all times if not films of all time.
"it's just some champagne we ordered'

Peckinpah is one of my favorite directors. Such a detail man who was great at weaving a story.
Although promoting a complete distortion of US history as it neglected to tell how the US stole much of its land from Mexico in a land grab which encompassed states between Texas, California, Nevada all the way to Colorado and Montana in what was the bloodiest of racist wars, the film was still the last great Western film which was one of my all time favourites
Truly a Peckinpah classic with a terrific cast of Hollywood favorites. Most are gone but a few are still around and Ernie just turned 94. Love ya, man.
J'adooooooore !!'
209457 320 16 0 43
Trailer for Sam Peckinpah's film starring William Holden,Ernest Borgnine,Robert Ryan,Edmond O'Brien,Warren Oates,Jaime Sánchez,Ben Johnson,Emilio Fernández,Strother Martin,L.Q. Jones,Albert Dekker,Bo Hopkins,Dub Taylor,Paul Harper,Jorge Russek,Alfonso Arau,Chano Urueta,Elsa Cárdenas,Bill Hart,
PT2M53S
sd
MovieID::::235
Rene was so damn cute and sexy in this, but you gotta remember, she was only 24 at the time
Awesome film and soundtrack. And Rory Cochran made it all the better for me. Love that guy!
0:51 REVEREND HORTON HEAT!
This flick is the shiz-nits
i'm gonna have to rent this....i've never seen it
When I watched this movie when I was a kid and saw this Road Runner I said "Damn this is my fav car" and after all these years it still is my fav car ever made - Road Runner '72.Damn I love this car and this movie!
C'mon, sure it's like Nat.BornKillers, but it's damn entertaining.  Good one.  love that old acid bit.
B movie epic.
..... that doesn't remind me of any other movie at all.....(natural born killers)
I found the entire movie and promise it is everything but boring.
Some scenes are a bit slow, but most are full of action and gory.
88331 202 11 0 10
Movie trailer for Love and a .45
PT1M35S
sd
MovieID::::236
meriterebbe una rimasterizzazione
The movie is actually about a young woman who is forced to marry a wooden image of her now deceased wealthy groom. It's actually a really good movie.
She was given away in marriage to a man she never met. When she finally does meet him he is mentally retarded and incapable of even consummating the marriage. Can you imagine the horror of being married to such a person and having no possible means of getting out or ever being free? But wait, it gets far worse. The mentally retarded man falls and breaks his neck and dies in an accident. But even THEN she is not set free to go and be remarried to a normal person..., her in laws make a wooden effigy ( a wooden man) and she is hence forth married to the soul of her dead retarded husband through this fake idol/ doll thing. She has to carry it around, make food and clothing for it, treat it like a real live person or else her mother in law will punish and torture her. It seems her life is complete hopelessness. And yet, somehow, she is in the end vindicated, somehow she sees a possible way out.
1822 5 0 0 3
The Wooden Man's Bride Trailer 1995
Director: Huang Jainxin
Starring: Chang Shih, Wang Lan, Ku Paoming, Chang Shi, Wang Yumei, Wang Fuli

Official Content From KOCH Lorber Films

Charged with delivering a beautiful bride to her arranged wedding, a young peasant finds himself trapped in a tangled web of obsession, betrayal and forbidden love. Chinese with English subtitles.

Movie, The Wooden Man's Bride Movie,The Wooden Man's Bride Trailer,The Wooden Man's Bride 1995, Huang Jainxin,Chang Shih, Wang Lan, Ku Paoming, Chang Shi, Wang Yumei, Wang Fuli
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::237
Danny - Quiroz
one and two are the best i could never watch it home alone lol
When her mother says "We're not related to 'that monster'", she basically saying "No, we are not black"....it could be read that way couldn't it?
15334 78 8 0 6
Candyman- Farewell to the Flesh (1995) Movie
PT1H50M28S
sd
MovieID::::238
kids go to bed this mindnight metal theater
Wow a Rated R Cartoon for its Time
What's a Midnight Metal theater?
Totally Metal, yo.
Like, Stevie Nicks...so Metal you'd piss your pants, you freakin' gypsy!
I know right
Well, their both toon hotties so i like 'em both lol. But gotta love taarna  :)
yeah those are pretty cool too. I first discovered the movie, thanks to direct tv lol and I fell in love with and the music was fantstic, so I eventually got the dvd and the soundtrack later on. :-)
Jesus!  I actually remember seeing this t.v. ad!  I was only 8 when the film came out and when I saw it was animated, I wanted to see it instantly.  So you can imagine my disappointment when I saw it was rated R.  The version I saw had a two part disclaimer at the end which stated that the film wasn't for kids due to adult situations and violence.
Didn't think they was a TV ad for this film because of the content. Maybe the TV stations aired it late night at the time.
21351 87 5 0 13
Classic animated midnight movie with one of the best soundtracks ever.
PT24S
sd
MovieID::::239
you said you were going to be back for the holidays, it’s been 3 years, come on
NGL That evil laugh at the end was pretty dope
Gladiator soundtrack promo
Amazing image and audio. Much better than digital.
Could you do the Twin Tower Entertainment Inc. logo from the "Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs" vhs? https://img0.etsystatic.com/181/0/10528271/il_570xN.1322316960_qk4n.jpg
Rip vhs retro trailer 2013 - 2016
HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAH !!!!!!!!!0:29
retro vhs trailers, WHERE ARE YOU?!
Is this channel dead?
great channel.keep going
Request:
The Trailers From Menace II Society 1993 VHS
I have the VHS of Hellraiser Bloodline. The soundtrack was great. I loved it and I love my favorite logo and the trailer. I have different openings, but I got the trailer. I love the movie and the soundtrack. That's my favorite Hellraiser movie.
How do you record these clips from VHS tapes
For Halloween

Please Do The Trailers From Alvin And The Chipmunks Meet Frankenstein 1999 VHS
26667 109 34 0 18
Copyright of this video is not claimed by the retroVHStrailers channel. All rights retained by the copyright holder. The retroVHStrailers channel does not monetize this video.  This video is provided for archival purposes only. It will be removed if requested by contacting the retroVHStrailers channel.

Promo for "Hellraiser - Bloodline – Soundtrack (1996)" captured from the "Hellraiser - Bloodline (1996)" VHS tape. This tape is labeled 8942 and released in (1996).
PT35S
sd
MovieID::::240
Charlotte was such a sweet Jane, so delicate and ethereal in a way.
This is one of my fa favorite movies.
This matches the most to what I imagined her to be
I had this movie on VHS when i was about 5-6 years old. It was my sister’s movie but i watched it a couple of times. I loved it
Charlotte Gainesbourg is so beautiful. She has that ethereal, pixie-like quality to her face and voice that Mr. Rochester describes.
Just watched this version, fell in love with William Hurt, and Charlotte..my favorite one by far_
I watched the Michael Fassbender version years ago and thought I didn't like the story. But I just watched this and adored this version.
I have seen all the Jane Eyre movies, and this is my very favorite!
The American accented narration for this trailer just doesn't do it. Sorry.
My favorite Jane Eyre!
This is the first version I ever saw I love it
This movie has bar the most anticlimactic first meeting scene XD It's the Victorian era equivalent of a guy getting distracting by a hit chick and driving off the road by mistake :P
Hard to watch this movie after watching the 2006 BBC one
Favorite version. Doesn't get any better than this!
This was the first version I watched :,) I was so sad at the time and this was perfect for my situation
This trailer horribly reflects the movie! I've seen them all, and this is by far my favorite, if only for the perfection that is Charlotte Gainsbourg as Jane Eyre. I swear. No one has ever so well captured how I picture Jane Eyre as Charlotte did. Incredible. Just wish this version was as long and in depth as the BBC mini-series, which I also love for its length. lol
loved this one, 2006 and 2011
Hands down the best Jane Eyre.
This is my favorite Jane Eyre of all time!
THIS MOVIE LOOKS SO DISSAPOINTING!!!!!!! 2011 film is so much better! Upset my teacher won't show the 2011 version.
worst version ever!
I like BBC version,
74697 194 7 0 36
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Jane Eyre (1996) Official Trailer # 1 - William Hurt HD

Jane Eyre is an orphan cast out as a young girl by her aunt, Mrs. Reed, and sent to be raised in a harsh charity school for girls...

Cast:
Anna Paquin: http://j.mp/SdHSQz
John Wood: http://j.mp/PMNnGq
Charlotte Gainsbourg: http://j.mp/10A774v
William Hurt: http://j.mp/TBO6p7

Director:
Franco Zeffirelli: http://j.mp/10A77kJ

Producer:
Riccardo Tozzi
Jean-François Lepetit
Harvey Weinstein: http://j.mp/QyLvfo
Joyce Herlihy
Dyson Lovell: http://j.mp/10A77kN
Guy East: http://j.mp/TbZTPP
Bob Weinstein: http://j.mp/QyLxnx
Giovannella Zannoni

Writer:
Franco Zeffirelli: http://j.mp/13ZRu4Z
Charlotte Brontë: http://j.mp/10A77kV
Hugh Whitemore

Editor:
Richard Marden: http://j.mp/13ZRvpH

Cinematographer:
David Watkin: http://j.mp/10A76gL

Composer:
Claudio Capponi
Alessio Vlad
PT3M4S
hd
MovieID::::241
1430 0 0 0 0
Bread & Chocolate 3
PT9M32S
sd
MovieID::::242
Una de mis preferidas
17723 41 1 0 1
The Flower Of My Secret Trailer 1996
Director: Pedro Almodovar
Starring: Imanol Arias, Rossy de Palma, Juan Echanove, Chus Lampreave, Carmen Elias, Marisa Paredas

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

What does a romance novelist with writers block do for inspiration? She goes looking for a little action of her own. In Spanish with English subtitles.

Movie, The Flower Of My Secret Movie,The Flower Of My Secret Trailer,The Flower Of My Secret 1996, Pedro Almodovar,Imanol Arias, Rossy de Palma, Juan Echanove, Chus Lampreave, Carmen Elias, Marisa Paredas
PT2M12S
sd
MovieID::::243


love this film
8383 24 6 0 3
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Ed Trailer - Directed by Bill CouturiÉ and starring Matt LeBlanc, Gene Ross, Paul Hewitt, Stan Ivar, Jim O'Heir. Matt LeBlanc plays Jack "Deuce" Cooper, a talented baseball pitcher. Deuce finds a friend in a talented ball-playing chimpanzee, who was originally his team's mascot.

Universal - 1996
PT1M44S
sd
MovieID::::244
How on earth did they film this? :-O
È muito interessante mais ainda pelo belo trabalho do diretor Herzog!Obrigada por postar.
Mathilda May is a phenomenon.
Some amazing climbing sequences and photography.  Absolutely terrible sound.

Maybe the Portuguese s;ubtitles will help.
and yet it is - Mathilda from Lifeforce...
I remember I saw this film on TV when I was a kid, was very impressed.
Not really the best, but still awesome mountaineering film !
So...the acrobat never made it the first time because the mae West obsessed finger snatched guy asked the acrobat what was at the summit, the acrobat said nothing, the real climber prevailed in the end by reaching the summit only to find the crazy guy had left his axe there with the picture of mae west. Am I right?
That was so bad. What I had just watched there?
Kachoong 5.10c free solo by Stefan Glowacz at 55:56
Did the acrobatic climber make it to the summit at the beginning? The end of the movie shows the climber that died made it.
Has no one put that together yet? David Lama? The climbing gym pro going for a solo assault ,after his climbing partner dying in the first summit claim? Going on tv after all the skeptics said he didn't do it, and promising to do it again, then using a power drill? It's friggin the David Lama, and Maestri story wrapped into one character. But how did Hertzog know Lamas future with this mountain
This movie sort of predicted the future, and then mixed it in with the past, and it wasgenious!! Future part I mean David Lama the sport climber kid who said he would free solo the route, and past being Maestri and his infamous compressor and the murder of the Cerr Torre. If I'm a moron, and that's what they are going for, does that mean they predicted David Lama and the whole snow balls chance In Hell? Or did that somehow happen before1991, and I've been in a bubble ?
This was a great bad movie! Achtung baby!!
Good mountain climbing drama. Good acting by "Lifeforce" actress Mathilda May, and supportive acting by screen legend Donald Sutherland. I still didn't understand why the main character decided to climb the mountain at the end.
1:04:47 ich liebe die szene ;)
Quite possibly THE single worst mountaineering movie ever made, and one of the worst movies as such. What a shame.
Por que no esta Chavela en los creditos finales ni Basile como actores
Anyone  know a name  of the last soundtrack
in this film ?
Longest movie I've ever seen. And that's including Dances With Wolves ánd Kenneth Branagh's 1996 Hamlet ... . Ah well, I still love Herzog.
Y AHÍ ESTA CHAVELA VARGAS (minuto 24)

Um filme literalmente vertiginoso, radical; o grito da pedra me assustou e me deixou congelado!!!
Werner Herzog é mesmo alucinante!!!
Comentar Werner Herzog? Sem comentário.
88900 224 7 0 27
No Coração da Montanha (1991)
Cerro Torre: Schrei aus Stein (original title)
Subtitulos: español
Director:Werner Herzog
Writers: Hans-Ulrich Klenner, Walter Saxer
Stars: Vittorio Mezzogiorno, Mathilda May and Stefan Glowacz
A meeting of two world famous climbers, one an experienced mountaineer the other a sport climber, and a journalist (Ivan) results in a bet on which of the two is the best climber...
PT1H46M23S
sd
MovieID::::245
It seems to be an excellent movie!!!!
I would like to know where i can get it....
10094 19 2 0 1
Subscribe to MovieTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/QcNd7j
More clips, photos, and news: http://bit.ly/U9zxNW

Follow Videodetective.com on facebook http://www.facebook.com/VideoDetective
Follow Videodetective.com on twitter http://twitter.com/VideoDetective

Subscribe to GameTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/RNaDlR
Subscribe to TVPromosByVD: http://bit.ly/Plupqf
Subscribe to MusicVideosByVD: http://bit.ly/Te5RuH

Director: Andre Techine
Cast: Catherine Deneuve, Daniel Auteuil, Chiara Mastroianni, Marthe Villalonga, Jean-Pierre Bouvier
Studio: Wellspring Media Inc.
Rating: Not Rated
PT1M23S
sd
MovieID::::246
excellent film! Tucci's great in this!
17553 16 3 0 1
Buy or rent on iTunes http://bit.ly/frGY3y.
A romantic comedy about the strain of contemporary relationships, one woman's urgent desire for parenthood, and a solution to it all. Starring Stanley Tucci and Lisa Eichhorn.
A FilmBuff Presentation.
MPAA Rating: R

Release date: 11/26
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::247
too bad no volume for the movie, just a weird narration
This wasn't a love story remember this coming out when I was a young teenager this is about an old man boning and young girl in a barn.
what is the name of the songs from carried away trailer
67145 87 11 0 4
Joseph Svenden is a middle-aged schoolteacher who lives on a farm with his dying mother. In his simple life there are no excitements. However, when 17-year old beauty enrolls in his class, Joseph would soon end up in her arms. MPAA Rating: R  © MCMXCVI NEW LINE PRODUCTIONS, INC. #Trailer #WB
PT2M15S
sd
MovieID::::248
3058 19 2 0 0
Denise Calls Up Trailer 1996
Director: Hal Salwen
Starring: Aida Turturro, Dana Wheeler-Nicholson, Sylvia Miles, Tim Daly, Alanna Ubach, Caroleen Feeney

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

An electronic age look at the lives of a group of New Yorkers who meet, fall in love, and face life and death situations while on the phone.

Movie, Denise Calls Up Movie,Denise Calls Up Trailer,Denise Calls Up 1996, Hal Salwen,Aida Turturro, Dana Wheeler-Nicholson, Sylvia Miles, Tim Daly, Alanna Ubach, Caroleen Feeney
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::249
That's Harry and His Bucketful Of Dinosaurs, Dinosaurs (TV Show), The Good Dinosaur, The Land Before Time and Disney's Dinosaurs
Is this made by the same people who made "Dinosaurs!"  (1990s tv show) ?!?
Never aired in german TV. :-( I want to see that full movie. :-)
Whoopi looking alright in that suit. : )
The 90s were a strange time for movies XD
Double Toasted brought me here
Holy shit... i was like....
*naaah this must be a fake trailer.... b-but... it doesn't LOOK fake...*
Wow they really tried to sell the tail bit
Holy shit. That guy on reddit wasn't lying...
Did they just reuse the costumes from Dinosaurs? XD
I'm here because of Drawfee and now wanna watch this movie lol
Theodore Rex is the real worst dinosaur movie ever, boring!
Wow Whoopi was looking quite shapely back then.
Joy Behar as Whoopi's partner.  Gold.
Se parecen a los de la serie dinosaurios
Peeeeee Yeeeeeew!
This could straight-up be a Tim and Eric sketch.
Ah yes of course. I remember this. Didn't it win best special effects, best screenplay and best picture?
The fucking song hit me in waves.
This actually feels like I'm watching a parody making fun of a really bad movie
One of the best films featuring Teddy ever made
This Movie was trash !!!!!!! I wanted to stop watching l 4 times but i made it through....... Whoopi we need to talk SIS .......
The movie represents the times, though. Like, good or bad, the 90s was obsessed with dinosaurs.
The song is catchy can dance to it.Just as goog as current crap Hollywood is putting out
JESUS CHRIST IT'S REAL.....
If Jim Hanson was high and a made a cop buddy movie.
Why does this exist?
Wow. Cringe :D
The song playing is the same one from fucking ice age
Is there a way to signal Nostalgia Critic? We need this
This movie seems like a joke from The Critic
De theodore rex aprendi que era la creogenisacion
his name is teddy
not Theodore
I don't get this
I just realized The Critic referenced this with the Clint Eastwood Callahan spoof movie where a dinosaur is one of his many partners.
two years after Jurassic park
Who the fuck signed off on this pile of shit?
Who the FUCK green lit this?? Lol hahaha
this makes me upset
No. This isn't allowed . . . this movie is not allowed . . .
Of course "Walk the Dinosaur" was in the soundtrack. Fuck the 90s!
Weirdly myy hand mutated into a gun and aimed towrds my head.
This is like one of those joke trailers you see in movies like Tropic thunder or something haha... with the famous narrator here aswell
what the actual fuck
cant wait for this movie to release
This movie was amazing. I laughed, I cried. It had everything.
I think the world is ready for a Shout Factory Collectors Edition bluray release.
Whoopi Goldberg ruined this movie
brian cummings!
black legs and dinosaur legs
oh my goodness how come I never heard of this I was born in 88. I seen everything prehysteria, munchie, howard the duck, spaced invaders, Dunston checks in, ... but not this wow looks so amazing
Teddy is unintentionally creepy looking when he makes facial expressions.
what in the goddamn flying fuck is this shit
Last time I watched this was 20 years ago when I was 5 years old.  Forgot the whole thing.
I Wish They Would make theodore rex monkey trouble wokka the mutated aillgator snapping turtle
And of course they played "Walk the Dinosaur" in the background of this trailer....of course they did -______-
Never do cocaine, children. This movie is what happens when you do cocaine.
This is so bad it almost feels like a joke trailer or a satire.
I wish theodore rex would move to jim henson's dinosaurs
Time for a remake!
Honeymoon in Vegas and Theodore Rex was one of the movies i know that came with a pizza when you order pizza hut long ago oh the cringe memory's i am engraved with
According to Dow Jones Newswires, from June 15 to Aug. 2, customers purchasing any regularly priced large pizza will receive one of four movies -- "Honeymoon in Vegas," "Mr. Mom," "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey" and "All Dogs Go to Heaven 2" -- on DVD.

According to the report, Pizza Hut expects to distribute at least 10 million DVDs.
Watching this because of the mention on the Giant Beastcast!
Would you believe the George Newbern (the voice of Sephiroth & Superman) voiced Teddy in this film? That a pretty severe mind f*ck right there.
well im glad i didnt see this.
Best anime of all time!
Crazy. The studio was obviously desperate to reuse the expensive puppets from the "Dinosaurs" TV show.
I submit that the waters of Greater Hollywood are laced with LSD.
so fucking absurd
In a world where Dinosaurs are just normal everyday people, you think it'd be considered racist for Woopi to be like "He's a Dinosaur!". Like that seems like the equivalent of saying "You want me to work with him? He's Mexican!" You'd also think the world would be more accommodating to such a prevalent minority, rather than making most things a major inconvenience for them (like showering or riding in a truck). Some of the many annoyances this move gives me.
When did this happen?
I would say poor Woopi but she got 7 million dollars for a straight to VHS movie in the 90s
This is a great movie. Especially for the 90s kids who grew up watchin this kinda shit along with Spaced Invaders.

I cant remember the name of this one movie, It was like a 4 ft tall mouse or dog or w/e with a backwards red hat, and a high school football jacket, and loves pizza but cant get along or understand the way humans live or some shit, Cannot remember that movie..HALP!?
soooo, Mega-City One.   Is this somehow related to Judge Dredd?
wait a minute...


...whoopi was young & slim???
Wtf did I just watch?
how is this real
This was definitely ripped from the Dinosaurs TV series.
oh I love how the 90's had terrible movies
I was already sold on this movie but the trailer just confirms it.
wow just wow
LMAO, HE ATE THE COOKIES! AND HE WASN'T SUPPOSED TO! BUT HE ATE'EM ANYWAYS! AWWWW SHIT HAHAHAHAHAHA THIS LITERALLY LOOKS LIKE THE FUNNIEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME!!! WHEN I ASK MYSELF "what are modern comedies missing?" NOW I'LL HAVE MY ANSWER: TAKING MORE COOKIES THAN YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO.
I'll wait for the gritty reboot
My God... I didn't know.
I like this Teddy, he's odd.
Oh my god, they actually have "Walk the Dinosaur" as trailer music. I'm so sold.
THEY WOULD CREATED ANOTHER DINOSAUR THAT LOOKS LIKE TEEDY REX NAMED CLEODORE REX AND THREODORE REX
BY MAKE HIM GOT THE SKILLS AND STRATEGIES DO LAPS AND CHAT SIT UPS TO TRIM HIS WEIGHT HAVE TRAM FOR MUCH PURAZAZE
MAKE TEDDY REX NOT WEAR SNEAKERS OR PANTS EITHEIR
THEY WOULD MAKE THEODRE REX BY USING THE MIDDLE AGE MUNTANT NINJA ALLIGATORS AND CROCODILES AND ALLIGATOR SNAPPING TURTLES MOVIES
I WISH  THEY WOULD NAKE THEODORE REX SMART AND CLEVER THOUGHTFUL AND MAKE THE DINOSAURS LITTLE EDFERNDINCE INTO THEM
so, I didn't dream this
He didn't even want to eat the cookies. He just wanted to litter the floor with them. Jerk.
Do you know that Teddy is voiced by Superman himself
Poor Whoopi. Poor, poor Whoopi.
why did he just start throwing those cookies behind him?
I believe this was the point where hollywood had completely run out of ideas and decided that they should just stick to a ton of reboots from then on.
This looks so bad, it's funny. I find it hysterical, I laughed thru the whole trailer. I bet it's fantastic to watch while on weed.
676138 2447 194 0 448
Movie review | http://www.90lostminutes.com/2012/03/theodore-rex.html



This is the original theatrical trailer for the straight to video (in USA) movie Theodore Rex.  Originally released in Germany in 1995 and produced for the tiny budget of $33,000,000 this film's target demographic is living intelligent dinosaurs.



Review coming soon to 90 Lost Minutes
PT1M49S
sd
MovieID::::250
Love this film
i've been locking for this movie for so long it took from me like forever !!!!!!!!
i just wanna watch it :(((((((
Weird seeing a very American Trailer for a very British Movie
45735 71 4 0 4
Jack And Sarah Trailer 1995
Director: Tim Sullivan
Starring: Ian McKellen, Imogen Stubbs, Judi Dench, Richard E. Grant, Samantha Mathis, Cherie Lunghi

Official Content From PolyGram Video

All alone with the frightening task of bringing up his baby daughter, a busy lawyer hires a nanny. It's a perfect, businesslike relationship until their hearts get in the way.

Movie, Jack And Sarah Movie,Jack And Sarah Trailer,Jack And Sarah 1995, Tim Sullivan,Ian McKellen, Imogen Stubbs, Judi Dench, Richard E. Grant, Samantha Mathis, Cherie Lunghi
PT29S
sd
MovieID::::251
24281 44 2 0 0
Bande annonce du film "Nelly & Mr  Arnaud"

http://www.cinemaetcie.fr/PARIS5EME.htm#NELLY
PT1M29S
sd
MovieID::::252
Never seen any of these movies but with the new one out I feel I should.
Sérgio Baranita Soares
60198 74 5 0 3
Mission Impossible Trailer 1996
Director: Brian De Palma
Starring: Emilio Estevez, Emmanuelle Beart, Jon Voight, Tom Cruise, Vanessa Redgrave, Henry Czerny

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

A list containing the names of all the top undercover agents throughout the world is about to go on the black market, and it's up to the M.I. team to stop them! The thrilling classic TV series is given a stylish, action-packed update!

Movie, Mission Impossible Movie,Mission Impossible Trailer,Mission Impossible 1996, Brian De Palma,Emilio Estevez, Emmanuelle Beart, Jon Voight, Tom Cruise, Vanessa Redgrave, Henry Czerny
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::253
Dies anybody know what this music is? I know it's not from the movie itself but it's really beautiful and I can't find it anywhere.
Meu sonho é achar esse filme pra download + legenda em português!
Assisti quanto tinha uns 13 anos e nunca esqueci....
I preferred the tv series with Alex Kingston ;)
I have not seen this movie, but I have read the book, and, frankly, I'm a little confused now. Even with the aid of Morgan friggin Freeman, this makes no sense.
I think this movie would've been better and more riveting if made by a different director!

Yes.  It was written by Daniel Defoe, the same author of "Robinson Crusoe."
I don't get this thing Hollywood does where they take the name of an established character and slap it on a different character. They did that with the Aeon Flux movie, too. If you want to do a Cinderella/Pretty Woman type film about a prostitute with a good heart who falls for a painter from a rich family, good on ya. But what the bleedin' #$%^'s that got to do with Moll Flanders, which was not a Cinderella story?
The version with Alex Kingston is so much better and follows the book pretty closely
I saw this on tv! I loved it! Was it a book?
This may be an old movie but the story line piques my interest on how it will turn out, now if only I can watch this movie without having to download stuff etc.
Doesn't matter, the movie is just brilliant
la vi ayer! que linda peliii .. llore cuando murioo el pintorr.. que amor de madre.. que mujer fuerte!!


Did they take any part of the novel into the making of the movie?
@Miram88 I  love KIngston's portrayal of Moll, best ever!!
tbh I only just started reading this book and I can already tell they've made most of this up.
He visto otra de Moll RFlandres, pero protagonizada por otros actores!! Uno de esos actores, hace en estos momentos de el Agente 007. Estra no la he visto, a ver si la consigo ver!
saw this a long while back, when I was like 12...just finished the book...and from what I remember of the movie, these are 2 completely different stories...
It's the Princess Bride chic!
Great movie!!
84042 74 2 0 22
The daughter of a thief, young Moll is placed in the care of a nunnery after the execution of her mother...
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117071/

Director: Pen Denshman
Writer: Pen Denshman
Starring: Robin Wright, Morgan Freeman, Stockard Channing, John Lynch
PT2M41S
sd
MovieID::::254
Where can I find BSO?
Great movie!
2815 7 1 0 2
George Tabori
PT50S
sd
MovieID::::255
A large part of the film takes place in various locations in Southern Italy - including small towns and villages within the Bay of Naples.
Excellent adaptation of the book; as is the Minghella version with Damon and Law.
"Southern" Italy?  It is set in Venice which is in the north.
Did not know the Matt Damon version was a remake. Read the book in high school
Great Delon flick
Aah OK ...the Body hangs on the boat ...stupid Shit
times sure have changed.
23883 96 5 0 11
Trailer for the 1960 version of Talented Mr Ripley (Plein Soleil) based on the book by Patricia Highsmith, directed by René Clément and starring Alain Delon.
PT3M48S
sd
MovieID::::256
1:33 Centipede Sounds Different Here! I Wonder Who Voiced Him? It Can't Be Dreyfuss Considering That The Voice Actor Sounds Nothing Like Dreyfuss!
Definitely one of my favorite movies when I was a kid, it seems surreal to me now finding out that Daphne played Ladybug
Paul Terry is my doppelgänger.
Daphne Moon was the Ladybug?!
From the director of the nightmare before Christmas and the producer of Batman, Beetlejuice and Edward Scissorhands and the author of Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory and the big friendly giant
I think Lupin from Harry Potter voices a character but idk who.
0:46 The "That's the Life" instrumental playing in the background is helping me learn the song.
The film should've just been solely in stop motion.
Taken from the behind the scenes of James and the giant peach
I STILL CANNOT BELIEVE REMUS LUPIN IS THE VOICE OF EARTHWORM
Whats your favorite character is Mr. Centipede, what's yours?
2:33, absolutely fabulous
Recently started watching Frasier, so I was surprised to learn that Miss Ladybug was Daphne.
I love this movie.
2:33 That's creepy
"Coming to theaters everywhere Spring 1996"
Hey, ya old biddies! (Raspberry)
Paul Terry stopped acting after this when Miss spider bit him.
I would like to review this eventually!
I'm crying because I only saw this movie once.
79283 258 6 0 40
Promo for James and the Giant Peach – Look at the Making of the Film (1997) captured from the James and the Giant Peach (1996) VHS tape. This tape is labeled 20123 and released in (1997).
PT4M34S
sd
MovieID::::257
No worries, that's a great line eh!
Sorry about the "my tab" thing. i postex my message to early. i was going to say my favorite deleted scene is the one where Dave says, "The fries will never be ready!"
I really do hope they release Brain Candy on blu ray or do a better dvd release. Thats what makes me mad about Paramount, in the early 2000's they did some really lazy dvd releases, in my opinion. My tab
Agreed. I would rather they rerelease the old and cult classics than remake them. I've yet to find a dvd with the deleted scenes. Maybe they will show up on a blu ray sometime!
I wish this movie gets put back into theaters with all of the missing scenes and alternate ending, that way this generation gets to see something funny and original, unlike most movies nowadays.
Yeah I own the original series, Brain Candy, Death Comes To Town and the Tour Of Duty dvd, it's all good! I can be a real geek when I enjoy something! ;)
Love that one!, Brucio is a real enigma. Did you catch any of their miniseries "Death Comes to Town"?
I don't have A favorite sketch nor a favorite cast member but the 'My pen!' sketch is one of the first things that I ever saw from these guys and I still think that it's brilliant!
They're a groundbreaking and genius comedy troup eh! Have a fav sketch?
I'd buy it for sure, I adore these guys!
haha I know right! I think the film was way ahead of its time. Perhaps it will get a much deserved rerelease on blu ray with lots of the lost content.
What a tease, half the stuff that is shown isn't in the released version! :(
3961 8 0 0 12
The title says it all, A fair amount of content from this trailer does not appear in the final cut of the film.
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::258
hey, this is a good movie, by the way...
10682 66 2 0 2
Faithful Trailer 1996
Director: Paul Mazursky
Starring: Chazz Palminteri,  Cher, Ryan O'Neal, Paul Mazursky, Amber Smith,

Official Content From New Line Home Entertainment

After 20 years of marriage, Margaret O'Donnell was sure she was the target of her husband Tony's affection. She was right...about the 'target' part.

Movie, Faithful Movie,Faithful Trailer,Faithful 1996, Paul Mazursky,Chazz Palminteri,  Cher, Ryan O'Neal, Paul Mazursky, Amber Smith,
PT1M43S
sd
MovieID::::259
I bet they was promoting him as the next Van Damme
Those were the superhero movies from 90s generation.
I’ve watched this a few times and I like it it wasn’t that bad
This movie is actually just as good as bloodsport 1, and Daniel Bernhardt is a better martial artist than Van Damme.
Bloodsport with no JCVD, is like a car without engine !
what the fuck is this
this should never have been made:/

but 0:47 gets me excited for the movie:)
27745 96 13 0 15
Bloodsport 2: The Next Kumite Trailer 1996
Director: Alan Mehrez
Starring: Donald Gibb, James Hong, Pat Morita, Daniel Bernhardt, Noriyuki 'Pat' Morita, Don Gibb

Official Content From FM Entertainment

Imprisoned for stealing an ancient ceremonial sword, a petty thief with a talent for streetfighting is taught the deadliest martial art, 'The Hand'. Upon release, he sets out to regain his honor.

Movie, Bloodsport 2: The Next Kumite Movie,Bloodsport 2: The Next Kumite Trailer,Bloodsport 2: The Next Kumite 1996, Alan Mehrez,Donald Gibb, James Hong, Pat Morita, Daniel Bernhardt, Noriyuki 'Pat' Morita, Don Gibb
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::260
I read in class 11 appu k sath dhai sall
Ya movie hindi ke book ma h arooh part 1 ma h
eto sundar scene ekdom matir kachakachi ...ekhonkar movie gulo Akash choya ar eti dekhe Mon e rimjhim borsar niswas sunlam...Sathe sarollo chottobrlar
Pather Panchali the world best story
I love movie
Do you know it's a very struggle movie
very very nice
My great experience
Patter Panchali  N  Jalsaghar
Those are way of life of ours. can not express .
BHUBAN Lahkar
Please anyone tell why this scene of film is beautiful and unique
One of the most beautiful scenes I've ever seen...
my favourite. ...
tero bochhor achhi bideshe...ei megh, ei brishti dekhini.
all time favourite. thanks for sharing.
99967 359 8 0 20
An interesting scene from Satyajit Ray's magnum opus "Pather Panjali". The rain scene.
PT2M32S
sd
MovieID::::261
Man in the dark brought me here
https://youtu.be/V4tZMeFG57k
thanks you very much for this trailer :D
Satyajit Ray was a diamond for Hindi Movie.
When he could live a little bit longer, maybe he would save Hindi Movie.
That is really shame, and uncultured, that young India people don't know, who is Satyajit Ray, or the masterpieces, he have done.
What they know, is just Bollywood.
Bollywood and Hindi Movies aren't the same.
But I hope
There is new generation, who will and can save Hindi Movie.

there's some shining praise if ever I read it
"Not to have seen the cinema of Ray means existing in the world without seeing the sun or the moon." - Akira Kurosawa
Nice! I love the tracking and panning shot. in each shot, there seems to be a movement from background to foreground, and your edited sequence has a similar effect, of the film coming nearer to us. Nice work. :) And isn't the music just amazing? :) Ravishankar was quite amazing with Ray's films! Take care and thanks!

Cheers mate, I wanted to make it a genuine reflection of the film so I used the music from the opening titles and paced the editing according to that.
This is very nicely done, Massif101. You have set it very nicely with the music.
@maromou no thank you for watching, enjoying and commenting :D
You did very well!! Thank you so much!!!
33766 128 4 0 12
I couldn't find a trailer for this on youtube, so I made one.

simples :D
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::262
Man I loved this show. First saw it in 1990 on "the comedy channel" before they changed to Comedy Central. It one of the few shows played daily like sports monster and the Higgins boys and Gruber. It got a lot of Airplay. Does anyone remember the original frank with black hair? They gave the new tvs Frank grief over being the new guy and not know how to hit the button. Lost Interest when Joel left. "Somebody must've puked BIGTIME!!! I'll get extra sawdust!!!!"
Sad they really rushed over Joel's part in the show, and didn't reveal the real reason he left.
"Whoa, weird reindeer!"

Mike's face is nowhere NEAR as big as Z'dar's face. I'd say Z'dar's is at least three Mike-faces wide.
A big roast of a face.
What was that first one they show
This show makes me proud to be Minnesotan!
Riding with Death.
big meaty roast of a face... so funny im gonna steal that one
"no signs of slowing down"  yep, you stopped it, sci-fi    oh, also you turned into a network that shows movies that came from scripts and ideas submitted by viewers,  said scripts are horrible.
..and showed no sighs of slowing down.. Till scifi stopped it.
hmm yes the scifi channel.. *whipes tear then clicks play again*
"Unenviable"???
"At first they thought 2000, but 3000 just seemed like a thousand more..."
Love it.
They're doing a live broadcast of the craptacular film "Birdemic" three days before Halloween. It'll be in theaters nationwide. Look it up.
AAAHAHAHA I LOVE THIS SHOW :D
"Coming up on your mudflaps ... people have such cute names for sex."
(singing) "Who's that guy with the big head?  Big head?  Big head?"
Absolutely. It seemed like Joel was the  fall guy for the bots antics, and Mike would give it right back to them.
@HumanEscapePodShow agree 100%
@frenchfrey65 thats true but the nervousness was part of his charm joel ws essentially the bots mother and mike was the wacky uncle
Seeing Rifftrax Live! Reefer Madness was a 2010 highlight for me:) But when did this air? There will never be anything like this on t.v. again, & it's a shame. This show ruled from the Joel seasons to the Mike seasons. I liked this when I was ten, and I love it even more eighteen years later! =:o
I told my sister that she lookeed like Pearl and she got really, really pissed!
joel was the best
" 'Coming up on your mudflaps'...people have such cute names for sex."  That might be the lewdest euphemism I've heard the MST3K crew reference!
There will never be another show that was this great ...BRING IT BACK!!!
In the not to distance future...  Somewhere in time and space!
Mike Nelson and his robot pals, are caught in an endless chase!
Persuade by a woman, who's name is Pearl
an evil gal who wants to rule the world
she threw a few things in her purse\
and in her rocket ship she hunts 'em all across the universe!
cj397 is right for the most part, but apparently the reason y they switched from Joel to Mike was apparently because Joel didn't like being in front of the camera, in other words stage fright, so he chose Mike cuz he had more charisma
@youfailedme87 joel was the one who tried wayy too hard. mike was very suttle about things. joel was trying to be a standup comedian in the theather. mike is so much better
I liked the Trace & Kevin days with Mike and Joel along with TV's Frank much better.
idea:this show should come back on hbo
"I have a brain the size of a chick-pea!"
20 years later my Dad would introduce me to this show, and I would become a fan. Now I'm off to meet Joel and some of the crew to see cinematic titanic. :)
I saw it once, and it was pretty annoying.
I loved it when Kevin was describing Mike's face. LOL 8D
I dont think so, I might in the next day or so
31550 258 3 0 37
Behind the scenes look at Mystery Science Theater 3000
PT8M33S
sd
MovieID::::263
MA IL FILM COMPLETO DOVè FINITO è FANTASTICO RICARICATELO PLEASE...
28804 93 4 0 1
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u02c8' in position 9: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::264
Okay but anyone know what song is playing
This nostalgia makes me want to jizz.
Yes, i saw something like it. In "Roger Rabbit". :D
This film got low ratings and yet it's still the highest grossing basketball movie to date
look at that gay at the end, getting us used to seeing it so they could push later
God bless this film :')
I remember this trailer back from another vhs opening...memoriez
LOL I need to watch this as soon as I finish reading The Life the latest MJ biography
This film... :') Ahh!! <3
Thanks for uploading!
"Space Jam" The prequel of "Barkley: Shut up and Jam, Gaiden "
I remember this trailer from my old Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory VHS tape.
OMG GOTTA PUKE who the fuck did this shit! Best ad against taking drugs before writing a fucking movie, buaah
The most beautiful cartoon of all!!
Space Jam 2 is coming!
Watch Space Jam. dont be SideArms
Whats the song at the end??
I have this movie on DVD
Another Memory of childhood love this movie!!!!!!
After watching this movie after several years of missing it, I cried tears of Joy!! best movie ever :3
i bought the bluray today ! but my player .. did not read it ! sucks so hard !
THE GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME!
This movie is so damn epic! :D
343501 383 17 0 29
trailer de la pelicula Space Jam.
PT1M8S
hd
MovieID::::265
How many years were Jane Fonda and Roger Vadim married?
Left-wing hollywood can't do a movie like this now. They have stopped freedom of expression.
This is my favorite movie.  And the cheesy special effects, the great soundtrack and especially Jane's great comedic performance are the reasons why.....
Why this was never included in the DVD version?!
Amazing footage. Perhaps more will come to light one day. Also great alt. ost @ 0:24
Cheeseball 60s humour.  I remember giggling all the way through it.  I'm glad they had as much fun making this soft-porn  mindlessness as I had laughing at it in front of my mother.
Earth was never really the same after 1968 :)
Yet another example of the "freewheelin" 1960s spirit, that conservatives were so bothered by then and are still determined to kill-off 50 years later.
This was actually pretty interesting.  I wonder why it isn't on the DVD?  It should be.  Thank you for uploading it.
WOW!  What a gem.   VERY RARE.  This hasn't been seen since the film was released.  Nor has it ever been included on any of the supplementary material on the laserdisc, dvd or blu ray versions.  I love it.  Thank you for loading it.
The narrator is Mandel Kramer.
36934 188 6 0 15
"Barbarella does her thing" in this featurette presenting a behind-the-scenes glimpse of director Roger Vadim's 1968 cult classic. Jane Fonda stars alongside a colorful international cast including David Hemmings, John Phillip Law, Milo O'Shea, Anita Pallenberg, Ugo Tognazzi, and Marcel Marceau.
PT6M26S
sd
MovieID::::266
Hey, there's that girl from True Lies!
Blow your what head off? :D
Alguem saberia dizer quem toca essa musica do filme
5303 9 0 0 3
Hostile Intentions Trailer 1994
Director: Catherine Cyran
Starring: Tia Carrere, Tricia Leigh Fisher, Carlos Gomez, Lisa Dean Ryan, Roman Cisneros,

Official Content From WarnerVision

A weekend of fun becomes a fight for survival when three American women land in a Mexican jail. After being sexually molested by the guards, they attempt to escape with the help of a fellow prisoner.

Movie, Hostile Intentions Movie,Hostile Intentions Trailer,Hostile Intentions 1994, Catherine Cyran,Tia Carrere, Tricia Leigh Fisher, Carlos Gomez, Lisa Dean Ryan, Roman Cisneros,
PT2M54S
sd
MovieID::::267
I could be wrong, but I almost want to say that I saw this once on Skinemax...very entertaining (although low grade) stuff here!
“They’re real.. they’re hungry...and they bite!” Classic!
that black dude died to heroin overdose, he did some stand-up before his death with some legends like very early Dave Chappelle
They Bite my ass.
I saw this a long time ago and still love it
@critterbuster  or you can buy the dvd-r version at revenge horror dot com..
I watched this on Horror-Addicts, it was trippy as shit! And there were alot of boobs.
Sorry I can not upload the full movie. if you would like to see this i'm sure you can find the VHS on Amazon or ebay.
can anyone upload the full movie
21257 53 6 0 10
A Trailer to a 1996 rare Monster/Creature feature/Sexploitation film.
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::268
God I hate the arm hair......big Bush line sooooooo creepy
You can imagined how badly I wanted my $25 back.



lmao
J.T. Walsh was one of the greatest character actors alive.
Wtf is Rudnick doing running a mental hospital?!  Figured they'd have locked him back up after he was nearly killed by Greg Yates.
Love J.T Walsh!!!!!  Very good actor!!!!
Lonesome dove ' rude behavior ' is way - better acting by 'ol BB !!
shame its in 144p though
Question: is this film drastically different from the film, Slingblade? As in...was this just sort of an adaptation of the script or can this all be found within the final Slingblade film?
The guy at 6:00 would make a damn good Lee Harvey Oswald lookalike
Thank God they cut this shit out of the movie cause it would of been horrible
1:34 First time I ever ate mushrooms I did the same thing
it takes at lest 45 seconds for a the toilet to reset to get a proper re-flush.. i want  that toilet its insant
Mmm, mmm, MMMM!....have always loved me some Molly Ringwald. Damn good looking woman.....I could sop her up with a biscuit!
watched this at the detroit film theater back when it came out. awesome
wonderful - thank you for this.
it was not so much an inspiration for the screenplay but actually a tool used to gain funding for the full-length feature
What I think was so cool was how they managed to get J.T. Walsh to play the same role he did here when they did the full movie years later.
He was perfect as the creepy guy who had almost certainly committed some hideous crime to get himself put away alongside Carl.
Well you see at one time you had to actually buy this thing called film, and it came in black and white or color. B&W was a lot cheaper than colored film so people only used colored film when it counted. I know it's a hard concept to grasp by some people in the age of the Microchip, but we didn't always have what we do now.
it's too bad molly ringwald wasn't in the real movie, it might have revived her film career
kinda shaped like a bananer, mmm-hmm
mustrd n biskitz, French-fryd prtaytrz, n pottid meet, mmm-hmm
Yes.  Some folks call her a redhead. I call her a ginger. Mhmmm.
BB NAILED THIS! BROVL UHHUN EHHH.
this movie is so kool omg.
Oh wow, Molly Ringwald, wonder why she wasn't cast in the Sling Blade movie.
he's one of those underrated actors that brings life to a small role that may not have been much on paper, i know his character on slingblade is a murdering rapist, but the way walsh pulls it off, makes you want to watch a whole movie about that particular character
where's the dad from teen wolf
wat the hell...
wheres the color?
only reason why i'm wathcing this is cuz of michael jackson!
molly's amazing and omg molly ringwald's so sexy when she curses ugh when she said "fucking nonchalant" oh god sexy
molly is the star of this short
better than the film!
JT Walsh was a brilliant actor. he could play the most deviant characters, yet there was an intimacy to each one of them that was compelling.
Im glad they cut all this shit out of the movie cause it would have bombed
Respond to this video...          with the mercury ?
@madpaddy11 is he the1 that picked up a fellow,instead of pros...
@OneEyedJack1970 yeppo
I feel that the acting was better in this short film than sling blade, both are really fantastic films. It's just to me the performance was a slightly better in this one. just my humble opinion. & I have to agree with madpaddy11 JT Walsh did an awesome job. A BIG BUSH!
@DontVoteCameron homo sapien,is mankind.
@OneEyedJack1970 yeah, at this time molly started to have a hiatus at her career
It's not Bubba.
@davec629 It is and thats Molly Ringworm!Hot bitch!
Molly's got a dirty mouf...she's hot like that!
wow what a stupid  title


Forest Gump...
Hey, there's me over Molly's shoulder at abou 4:40!
about 1:40 I think thats Bubba from Forrest Gump.
Is that Molly Ringwald?
145390 305 14 0 67
George Hickenlooper directs the short that inspired Billy Bob Thornton's screenplay and feature film Sling Blade.
PT9M50S
sd
MovieID::::269
4140 5 0 0 0
http://www.Alphaville-Music.com/
- Alphaville (Jean-Luc Godard, 1965) Trailer -
PT58S
sd
MovieID::::270
Quand on a les éléments qui indiquent qu'on va perdre la guerre, on ne la déclare pas.
merci pour le partage
7681 44 2 0 2
Excelente film de Claude Chabrol.

PT1H50M17S
sd
MovieID::::271
Loved County Life - found it on Amazon Prime - couldn't believe I'd never heard of it before! Well worth watching - set in the 1920s with gorgeous and funny scenes of the faded elegance of a huge old outback mansion and the machinations within. Also has magnificent cinematography of the sweeping Aus bush landscape. The chemistry between Greta Scacchi and Sam Neill made me go 'I yi yii'!
4410 8 0 0 1
“Available on DVD through www.umbrellaent.com.au”

A lively retelling of Anton Chekhov's classic play Uncle Vanya, Country Life is an entertaining romp, lusciously capturing an era of Australian history with both pathos and aplomb. When prodigal son Alexander (Michael Blakemore) returns to his homeland in rural Australia, he brings with him beautiful English wife Deborah (Greta Scacchi, The Player) and settles into the dusty sheep station where his loyal and hardworking family have lived for generations.
PT3M5S
sd
MovieID::::272
I loved this movie when I was a kid. I would like to see it again sometime.
Great movie.
My obsession with elephants got me to see this. I had no idea Dumbo Drop was real.
good underrated disney movie one of these movies that is sadly overlooked and isn't as well known as it should be it has a decent cast ray liotta is good in it but danny glover is the best in this film dennis learry is great doug e doug the dude from cool runnings funny guy james hong has a funny cameo as a blind man all the trouble they go through just to put an elephant to a villiage worth it cause the elephant is cute i love elephants overall i give this great family movie 9 out of 10
What!!! A True story.... that just blew my mind!!!
disney movie from vietnam war :D :D what the hell??! xD but so good movie LIKE
This movie was cool.
54494 70 6 0 8
A savvy veteran army captain is teamed with a by-the-book West Point officer to lead the "weightiest" military maneuver ever. Their job: To secretly transport a full-grown elephant across 200 miles of rugged terrain -- fording rivers, scaling mountains, and crossing canyons -- to reach a remote Vietnamese village.
Stars: Danny Glover, Ray Liotta and Denis Leary
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::273
I saw this movie last night and it was Called Dangerous kiss, for the life of me I could not find the title spent 30 minutes online looking for this movie!
I luv diz damn movie im glad someone posted it on YouTube
it was supposed to be a joke
... yeah, wrong version of "True Crime."
Where the fuck is Clint Eastwood?
This movie freakin awsome!!!
Is this a good movie
anyone know how to get the soundtrack for this movie?  i want the song at the end.
i used to watch this so much on usa  channel
@jxsilicon9 true
This looks good. I wanna see it.
Reminds me of Veronica Mars.
damn this is an old school movie they dont make em like they use to
i thought this was the game
Nice trailer I bet I can figure out who the killer is now lol
Kevin Dillon,before he became Johnny Drama. Hard to believe he was only 30,31 when he did this movie(he looked way younger).
The trailer gave away the whole movie.
I've only seen it once, but from where I stand, True Crime has a certain feel of—How can I put it?—Nancy Drew in the '30s (when she still packed a rod)...Gwen Stacy portions of Amazing Spider-Man comics in the '60s and early '70s...David Lynch's Blue Velvet (possibly based on those old Spidey comics) from a female perspective...etc.  It also reminded me of after-school detective shows (e.g., Shirley Holmes, Shelby Woo)--only aimed at an older audience.

Ms. Silverstone never looked so good.
anyone have the full movie of this? everytime i search for it i get this movie called true crime with clint eastwood
133226 139 9 0 20
Alicia Silverstone
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::274
Cameron n Vincent Really dated once
An early work by the master
This is a great movie.  Pay no attention to the trailer, this movie is BRUTAL and hilarious.
I found it hilarious
I will dare!!!! Nice!!!!
This trailer is very misleading regarding the plot. If I had seen this before watching, I would not have wanted to watch the movie.
good movie guys, cameron and kianu looks super pretty.... saw this today!
Whoa. Replacements tune! Right on. Minnesota. I get it. Mat's 4 life!
76868 123 5 0 8
An ex-convict and his bumbling crook brother fight for the same woman.

Starring Keanu Reeves, Cameron Diaz, and Vincent D'onofrio
PT2M33S
sd
MovieID::::275
Made my own trailer for Angus - watch it here - Angus (1995) - Fan trailer
Wow, there are SO many scenes in this trailer that never made it into the final cut of the movie.
I was considering whether I should watch this movie, and them I'm like "did I leave the Goo Goo Dolls running somewhere in another tab?", no. Fuck, I am totally watching this.
I really like the song green day did. J.A.R. I think its fitting
At 1:10 it sounds like the principal is saying "You got a 10% from the football field!"
I loved this movie! "I don't sweat, I rain!"
Beavis and Butthead much?
9313 20 1 0 8
Angus is fat, dorky and smart, a kid with an uncool pal and a crush on a cheerleader. Angus is funny, rowdy and triumphant, a totally cool movie with a dead-on eye and ear for the hilarious, heartbreaking rite of passage called high school. A great cast (including Academy Award® winners* George C. Scott and Kathy Bates as Anguss oddball family) sparks this story about what happens when Angus is named King of the Winter Ball as a prank  and how he turns humiliation into victory. Angus, Roger Ebert wrote in the Chicago Sun-Times, delivers a rousing up yours to all the snotty high school golden boys [and] a climax that I, for one, found wholly the equal of anything in Rocky.
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::276
Lynn Carlin’s laughter is real. She had trouble getting the level of uncontrollable laughter Cassavetes wanted, so in the final takes he had her deliver the scene while he tickled her leg under the table. It’s just one example of Cassavetes genius with directing performers and constructing the emotional core of a scene. (Source: studied his work with Ray Carney).
Her laughing is ridiculous
Whatever else this had, I didn't detect any "wit."  This might have seemed cutting edge in 1968, but now it's just childish to laugh embarrasedly over a sexual reference.
I saw "Faces" in Austin at the SxSW film festival. I think he mortgaged his house to make the film. Weather or not you like it that is total commitment to a film. Let the criticisms fly but what have you done???
I think this is the best film Cassevetes made.

It has a neat structure to it sort of like Antonioni's La Notte, and the marriage unravels as dusk approaches.

Very nicely acted, by actors who really are not known as first rank.  But he knew how to wrk with them, to get more out of them than they really had.

Formally, no Cassavetes film is going to be great to look at.  But this was probably one of his better early films in that regard.
@chief3000 Either Way She's Better Than Natalie Portman
@qwisp :: Lynn Carlin is the actress, and this was her first acting role.  this scene may not illustrate how strong her performance was for a first timer, but every scene between her and Seymour Cassel is gold, regardless of acting skill or experience.  her overdose is mastercraft acting.
"Master of improv??"  Lynn is fabulous and true in this film.  (what's with this guy?)
@14842 "Wicket"?
@qwisp Lynn Carlin was nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar for this performance. She is excellent in the final 30 minutes. I suggest you watch the entire film. It is streaming on Netflix. And, "Cassavetes" only contains the letter "t" once.
the first time in a American film cunnilingus is mentioned
It's the actress that lowers the quality of this scene. You have to be a master of improv' to be in a Cassavettes movie, and this woman ain't. Then again, we can't all be Gena Rowlands.
@BipolarPics  it took like 3 years to complete the film, maybe he was editing it while doing rosemarys baby.
Was he making this film at the same time he shooting Rosemary's Baby? 1968
I agree cerzule.  The later scenes of her overdose and subsequent "coming to" are positively riveting, leaving the viewer emotionally and physically spent.  Kudos to her and Seymour Cassel for their amazing work .
Oh yes, I love Lynn Carlin in this movie!  Her performance is astounding, especially considering that she had no prior acting experience.  This film is one of Cassavetes' best (I personally think it's one of the greatest American films ever made), and, as bleak and painful as the movie is overall, this little clip is truly hilarious.
Love this film.  The actress here, Lynn Carlin, is an absolute genius with this scene...totally believable....and earned an Oscar nomination for her work in this film.  This is an early scene in a very unconventional film, definitely not for all tastes. Many later scenes tend to go on long after they've made their point ...but that's part of overall theme.  Excellent performances.  The film's working title could have easily been "The Tragically Un-hip".  Thanks for posting!
That old man...is that the same actor who played Jack Woltz (the arrogant movie producer who finds his horse's bloody head in his bed) from "The Godfather"?
Actually I think one sees Cassavetes comic genius after being terribly alienated the first time(s).
it's really quite pointless to watch this clip if you've never seen the film.  if that be the case, do yourself a huge favor and just go rent this movie.. cassavetes is the father of independent film making and this is a fucking masterpiece
ya he is having an affair.
but that alienation is perhaps what Cassavetes intended? i mean this is about a suburban couple who become estranged from eachother. I relate because i grew up in this sort of lifestyle where people end up discussing the most mundane topics...i saw this movie a long time ago. which is your favorite one?
lol well they think it's funny... Though I do suppose they have pretty good rapport with each other-- however, in this scene I felt rather alienated, as though I were being left out on the joke.  This is uncommon for me when I'm watching Cassavetes' films, as I am usually quite emotionally engaged in what's happening.  As "savagedudeguy" mentioned, it's (usually) penetrating but the cause is intangible. I do agree with you, though, that it is not in fact a comedy.
its not suppose to be funny hot dawg...perhaps funny in an odd way???
its not a comedy playa
This wasn't that funny :(
So amazing. It's easy to say "oh, hey realistic" but there's something that is just so emotionally penetrating. Blah, it's definitely intangible. One of the best ever, no question.
This scene is hilarious. Their laughing is highly infectious. The male lead is also smoking, chewing gum, and drinking beer whilst eating dinner.
56549 124 5 0 35
A funny moment full of wit.
PT4M20S
sd
MovieID::::277
they had a deal but it came to nothing
I love this movie because it is set in an old time and shows some styles in their pure forms.
good blest I like

Bloodsport all day !
one of my fav ones
Peter Cullen. Yeah, I think so. Also checkout the "Knock Off" movie trailer. I guess it's him too! Good catch, @BBplayer0822 .
Optimus Prime the commentator?
This movie was made by van damme himself, a great great adventure/action/epic fighting movie!
One of the best fighting movies ever made...I saw it back in the nineties when I was a kid,then saw it again recently,and still liked it . A must see for people who like action movies..

because they prefer twilight saga shyt
1:01 perfect!!!
Why the fuck does this movie have a such a low rating on IMDB?


THE QUEST just got announced on Blu-Ray for March 27.

Yesssssss.
I like that van damme uses muay Thai in his style of fighting
@OliBN1

Yea it is amazing that JC made a few films that where more like Street Fighter than Street Fighter 'AWOL' and 'Bloodsport' spring to mind. Also think Van Damme's 'Uni-Sol' co-star Dolph Lundgren would have made a better Guile.
I am surprised I never watched this movie. Well I must fix that.
lol ive been looking for this movie all day lol
@VanDammedia Great stuff.


Great movie. Hope JCVD directs again soon.
damn finally this is the van damme movie i was looking for.
One of his best. He also directed it. The movie Street Fighter should have been!
This movie has more to do with Street Fighters actual story than Street Fighter did
Gotta love the Roger Moore trademark eyebrowraise at 1:20 :D
This has the same soundtrack as Bruce Lee's tribute film.
I'm Gonna Have To Get This On DVD!
This movie is legendary!
its nice to se roger moore
Tong Po wasnt considered in this film, perhaps he may got knockout by that sumo wrestler in this quest movie haha.
Love this movie! It's right up there with Bloodsport and Kickboxer
401669 206 14 0 30
Martial arts movie star Jean-Claude Van Damme made his debut behind the camera as the director of this sweeping action drama. Van Damme stars as Chris Dubois, a clown pickpocket and Fagin-like leader of orphan thieves in 1925 New York City. Kidnapped by gun smugglers and then sold to pirate captain Lord Dobbs (Roger Moore), Chris eventually ends up the property of Khao (Aki Aleong), a master Asian kickboxer. His fighting skills win Chris a chance at a legendary contest, a gladiatorial showdown between champions of the world's many diverse combat styles in a Tibetan lost city. Along for the trip are the avaricious Dobbs, heavyweight boxing champ and fellow competitor Maxie (James Remar), and Carrie (Janet Gunn),
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::278
Performed this at kapunda high 2000 for year 12
Jackie Weaver screams very well. You should hear her yell on 'The Polka King' on Netflix.
My favourite Australian movie.
Wow. I didn't realise Greta scacchi was in this!
Love this movie.
This movie was brilliant
"somebody fucking beam her up!!"

0:22

Its the guy in Strictly Ballroom, isn't it?
37290 105 5 0 10
Colin Hay playing the role of Zac in the movie "Cosi".



©Buena Vista Home Entertainment, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PT4M1S
sd
MovieID::::279
I’m here because of Jennifer Connelly
Nick Nolte's best role...This film made Chaz Palminteri...
What a f*cking cast huh...every character big or small is filled by a well known ridiculously talented actor aka the polar opposite of movies in the 21st century
Most underrated film in history of cinema.
Love this movie Just read the book too.
Jack Flynn disliked this video.
38379 104 5 0 8
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Mulholland Falls Trailer - Directed by Lee Tamahori and starring Nick Nolte, Chazz Palminteri, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Treat Williams. This film is about the adventures of a 1940's special anti-gangster police squad in Los Angeles, the infamous 'Hat Squad.' The four members of this squad are big, tough, no-nonsense cops who don't hesitate to break the law, if it suits their purposes.

MGM - 1996
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::280
0:20 - 0:24 That line popped into my head earlier. It brought me here.
lol...early Jamie Foxx...for like 5 mins...lol
9033 13 4 0 2

PT2M30S
sd
MovieID::::281
Voiced by 80's musical legends Billy Joel and Bette Midler and a young Joey Lawrence...  WHOA BLOSSOM!  Still one of Disney's best musical movies, but coming before The Little Mermaid, could made this movie almost forgettable and despite the fact, I got an Oliver cat doll in the late 80's made this movie a personal favorite!  :-)
This film never had a VHS release until 1996, when it was reissued in theaters.

I never saw the original release, but I did have the "Disney Sing-A-Long Songs" videotape with "Why Should I Worry?" and "Good Company" on there.
40906 91 6 0 5
An original television spot for the 1988 animated Disney film, loosely adapted from the Charles Dickens classic "Oliver Twist".
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::282
Donde puedo ver la pelicula completa pero en español?????
This is very old movie but.....wow! Spectacular lad!
I really wanna see this movie. Something about it seems good. Does anybody know if it's possible to find online??
26205 116 3 0 10
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Captives (1994) Official Trailer - Tim Roth Movie HD

After the dissolution of her marriage, a beautiful young dentist starts an affair with a violent inmate at the British prison where she works. When the other prisoners discover their affair, they blackmail the couple into entering into a dangerous drug smuggling scheme.

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::283
THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE AND THEY ARE SO YOUNG AND BEAUTIFUL I LOVE THEM BOTH
hola pueden bajar la película completa de amor y de sombra de Isabel Allende graciaaas
Where can I find the whole movie?
Hola, te invito a ver mi nuevo video. Si te gusta mi musica, puedes suscribirte en mi canal.

Muchas gracias por escucharme. ¡Feliz 2010!





Hi,

Please, take a look to my new video, if you like it, subscribe to my channel.

Thank you very much for your listening. I wish you a Happy New Year!
179013 222 17 0 6
Directed by Betty Kaplan



Francisco Leal - Antonio Banderas

Irene Jennifer Connelly

Beatriz - Stefania Sandrelli

José - Diego Wallraff

Gustavo - Camilo Gallardo

Mario - Patricio Contreras



Based on the book by Isabel Allende
PT1M43S
sd
MovieID::::284
A number of the dames in this movie are (were) attractive, but I really dig Lenny Bruce's daughter, Kitty Bruce. She's carrying a few extra pounds, but that doesn't attenuate her cuteness one bit.
Modest fellow.
So many unlikable characters in this movie..
I got this one too !! Hell you should do  a collectors version of this !!
Hill is a genius, and this is a masterpiece.
Actually , Johnny Legend was out there , earlier , beating the drum for "Switchblade Sisters" and "Spider Baby". He did the original video releases , and curated revival screens of both , reuniting the surviving cast members of "Spider Baby". Tarentino got involved with the later re-releases with Johnny , but , it was decided to only use Tarentino's more easily - recognizable name , instead of both . QT  IS TO BE THANKED , BUT , JOHNNY LEGEND WAS JACK HILL'S BIGGEST ADVOCATE , FIRST.
Cringe inducing '70's fashions would make it hard to watch this movie again. Living through that decade was an aesthetic nightmare, to say the least.
8317 79 0 0 12
Quentin Tarantino personally resurrected the street cred of Jack Hill's teen gang deb quickie to the point of an unheard-of 2005 theatrical reissue. Jack kinda sorta thinks of it as his version of Othello!

As always, you can find more commentary, more reviews, more podcasts, and more deep-dives into the films you don't know you love yet over on the Trailers From Hell mothership:

http://www.trailersfromhell.com

What's that podcast, you ask? Why, it's THE MOVIES THAT MADE ME, where you can join Oscar-nominated screenwriter Josh Olson and TFH Fearless Leader Joe Dante in conversation with filmmakers, comedians, and all-around interesting people about the movies that made them who they are. Check it out now, and please subscribe wherever podcasts can be found.

Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-movies-that-made-me/id1412094313
Spotify: http://spotify.trailersfromhell.com
Libsyn: http://podcast.trailersfromhell.com
Google Play: http://googleplay.trailersfromhell.com
PT3M35S
hd
MovieID::::285
Katt Williams brought me too!
I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!  I laughed out loud!!
When I saw this movie I was like, what is Bat Keaton doing to his career.
16458 25 0 0 3
Multiplicity 1996 Trailer
PT2M31S
sd
MovieID::::286
Is that the cinema that got burnt down
Can you upload these old films of yours?
oh yes i see the prototype w&g...just before 1:00
wallace with a moustache and gromit with teeth...*chuckles*
just read the Creature Comforts article on wiki...wth he's really brazilian after all
the jaguar in the clip says he's from brazil (which speaks portuguese), but he speaks in a spanish accent, enough to make me not believe him as brazilian. lol, but great retro stuff anyway
I needa da SPACE! arghhh i loved that :)
Keep these coming!
I love Aardman, they made the best Dreamworks movies!
31349 95 2 0 8
Taken from a series of mini-documentaries in which Aardman Co-Founder David Sproxton looks back over the studio’s 40 year history with the Watershed’s Mark Cosgrove. David talks about how he and Peter met Nick Park when he was a student at the National Film and Television School, working on his student film A Grand Day Out. They invited him to come and work full time at Aardman in 1985 where he continued to work on his film. Four years on, A Grand Day Out was nominated for an Oscar – alongside Creature Comforts, another Nick Park short!
PT5M47S
sd
MovieID::::287
Hi folks.  Does anyone happen to know the title of the jazz piece playing at the beginning of the trailer please?
Have known and loved the the book since childhood, curious to see the film; looks excellent!
"you're all damned!"- "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" hahaha lol
The book is great!....It is amazing how you picture the characters...and this looks to be a perfect adaptation!
Excellent trailer.  Thank you for uploading it.  :)   Great movie, full of nutty characters.

11475 20 1 0 5
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Cold Comfort Farm Trailer - Directed by John Schlesinger and starring Eileen Atkins, Kate Beckinsale, Sheila Burrell, Stephen Fry, Freddie Jones. When orphan Flora Poste descends on her eccentric relatives at Cold Comfort Farm, she finds nothing but chaos and sees it her duty to restore order.

Universal - 1995
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::288
it doesn't make any sense, yet it's creepy .. surely that hand will give me some nightmares
Most terrifying trailer ever. Couldn't watch!
I think all the music is original, by Lech Jankowksi.
Doe anyone know the name of the song used in this trailer? Was it composed for the film (and is it on the soundtrack)?
Just ordered the Quay brorthers' Institute Benjamenta. Oh sweet anticipation....
recuerdame que usan los quay para el soundtrack de este trailer
41262 142 2 0 6
Trailer del primer largo de los hermanos Quay "Institute Benjamenta (or This Dream People Call Human Life)" DD en http://www.cafeycigarrillos.com.ar/2008/11/institute-benjamenta-or-this-dream-people-call-human-life/
PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::289
Basement club - 90s - rock n roll baby
670 10 0 0 1
SPITFIRE - RUBBER ROSIE - LOWLIFE RECORDINGS 1994

(Pitcher/Pitcher/Wise/Walker/Kenny) copyright.

Produced and enginered by Steve Mack.
PT3M19S
hd
MovieID::::290
*Back in the days when Teri Hatcher was smoking hot before she became another victim of the Hollywood slimming disease.*
Hard to find this movie on DVD
Need more Burke books to be made. I call Tim Olyphant as streak.
James L B. his novels must be made. I read everyone partner. If the crescent of the lone moon nor the rings of some far off place...well you get me.
"neo noir" movie
I saw this movie back when it first came out, and liked it until it reached the end.
I must say the non-ending ending left me scratching my head.
What was the film trying to say exactly?
That doing the right thing means you will get the woman you love murdered?
What?
If someone has some thoughts on this and would be wiling to share, I'd appreciate it.
I'm not being facetious.
The 1996 film 'Heaven's Prisoners' isn't for anyone expecting an after dinner mint. It isn't for someone standing in line who has to split the atom before they can order a cup of coffee.
(Bill Larstead, check out amazon.com.)
Will someone please post this excellent film soon; I can't find a VHS or DVD copy anywhere.  This film is so well made & the acting by all the cast is superb!  Great script as well.  I can't believe this didn't sell well during it's re-release on video w/ a cast this good.
looks like a winner
Awesome movie!

40003 68 6 0 20
Starring Alec Baldwin, Kelly Lynch, Mary Stuart Masterson, Teri Hatcher and Eric Roberts
PT2M10S
sd
MovieID::::291
This movie is warm and magical, has heart and soul and character...awesome cast. Modern movies and actors feel so bland and neutral by comparison.
RIP to the Original Gangstas actors Paul Winfield, Ron O'Neal(he was from my hometown Cleveland, Ohio)and Isabel Sanford who played Louise Jefferson on the classic television show The Jeffersons. Fred Williamson, Jim Brown, Richard Roundtree, Christopher Duncan, Robert Forester, Pam Grier and music rappers Dru Down and Shyheim were also in Original Gangstas. Fred and Pam were in the classic movie Bucktown. Carl Weathers, Tony King and Thalmus Rasulala(RIP)were in Bucktown. Pam and Robert Forester were also in Jackie Brown movie. Samuel Jackson, Robert Deniro, Michael Keaton, Chris Tucker, Tiny Lister and Bridget Fonda were also in Jackie Brown. White man movie director Larry Cohen directed Original Gangstas. He also directed Fred Williamson in Black Caesar and Hell Up In Harlem movies. I love Original Gangstas.
7253 32 1 0 3
Original Gangstas Trailer 1996
Director: Larry Cohen
Starring: Fred Williamson, Jim Brown, Pam Grier, Paul Winfield, Richard Roundtree, Ron O'Neal

Official Content From Orion Home Video

When the new posse of an old gang commits one drive-by too many, the O.G.'s return to end what they themselves started thirty years before.

Movie, Original Gangstas Movie,Original Gangstas Trailer,Original Gangstas 1996, Larry Cohen,Fred Williamson, Jim Brown, Pam Grier, Paul Winfield, Richard Roundtree, Ron O'Neal
PT1M53S
sd
MovieID::::292
This is one legendary action packed movie.
nice trailers
Um dos melhores filmes de ação ja feitos. Connery e Cage = Quimica exposiva!!
19323 21 1 0 3
Full HD 1080p @ 24 fps widescreen 16:9
PT3M4S
hd
MovieID::::293
Getting Away With Murder Trailer 1996
Director: Harvey Miller
Starring: Bonnie Hunt, Brian Kerwin, Dan Aykroyd, Jack Lemmon, Lily Tomlin,

Official Content From HBO Video

Convinced (without proof) that his neighbor is a killer, a man concocts a plan to rid the world of the evil fiend. But who is really getting away with murder?

Movie, Getting Away With Murder Movie,Getting Away With Murder Trailer,Getting Away With Murder 1996, Harvey Miller,Bonnie Hunt, Brian Kerwin, Dan Aykroyd, Jack Lemmon, Lily Tomlin,
PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::294
So underrated!
He is Dylan Dog!

You forgot gorgeous..
32010 92 5 0 4
Cemetery Man is a mess of a movie; a sprawling, overreaching, glorious mess of a movie.  A black-comic meditation on love, mortality, loneliness, and desperation masquerading as a zombie film, it's by turns poetic, laugh-out-loud funny, insightful, and flat-out pretentious.
http://www.theparallaxreview.com/on_cable/cemetery_man.html
PT2M23S
sd
MovieID::::295
I just got this album.
R.I.P Bill Paxton
My favorite soundtrack of all time!
The ultimate mid-90s rock soundtrack lol.
27708 90 2 0 5
Copyright of this video is not claimed by the retroVHStrailers channel. All rights retained by the copyright holder. The retroVHStrailers channel does not monetize this video.  This video is provided for archival purposes only. It will be removed if requested by contacting the retroVHStrailers channel.

Soundtrack for "Twister (1996)" captured from the "Twister (1996)" VHS tape. This tape is labeled 20100 and released in (1996).
PT35S
sd
MovieID::::296
Only in the 90s could you see a tier 1 bombshell like Pamela Anderson dual wield Desert Eagle hand cannons, while wearing skin tight leather post punk outfit, while crouching so sexy behind a wooden cable top turned over in a an epic gunfight. I mean.... This was the height of action overload 90s style. And it was great.
Sexy babes, leather, explosions, 80's punk, a plot ripped wholesale from Casablanca, *and* terrible critic receptions? This may be the perfect movie for me!
Pam Urban Legendery She One Most Sexist and Beutyfulll Woman Lady In History Life!!!
This movie was a Absolute Masterpiece.I cant believe she didnt win a Oskar.Shes a Fantastic actor
Before or after hep? Dem tits tho.
Oh how far comic book movies have come lol
Well ain't that special!!
In Barb wire Pamela Anderson should have sex in a hot tub with a black
Pamela "TITS" Anderson. My Batwatch girlfriend.
So, based off the trailer, I'm assuming this is the best movie ever made?
A grind house Casablanca is seriously an amazing idea
I love it it took alot of heat but she never claimed to be a serious dramatic actress this movie was exciting and fun yeah it was never gonna win an Oscar but who cares and she has inspired me to write my first novel about a female superhero yes its been done before but this one will be different
in my age when ever i see this movie i always masturbed yaar
yeah, the 90s were awesome
God, I feel old watching this trailer. I loved her when I was a brain dead, hormonal kid. Then I grew up. Probably because I started using my brain to think instead of my dick.
I think the movie was good. Pam , I love you
I feel like if this and Tank Girl did good it would've been a cross over
Donald Trump 2016!
Donald Trump 2016!
This was a bad movie except for soft core gratuitous clips of the fantastic pam anderson in her prime. Would've made a nice series on cinemax or showtime late at nite.
i love this movie!
my mom loves this movie
Pam Anderson plays one hell of a sexy baby biker chick
the Nostalgia Critic brought me here!
Jack is awesome... I was sad when he died.
Pam enjoying shaking her thang.
nostalgia critic is that you.
pam anderson never made another big movie after this, if she hadnt had that boob job she might have been more successful, it makes her look like a freak
It's fucking Casablanca! I mean…WOW! There’s, like, no difference! The plot is literally just “Casablanca”! Why? Why rip off “Casablana”? Did you really think that nobody would notice? Did you think that arguably the most famous romance film of all time was so low on the radar that no one would make the CONNECTION? Granted, the titties were a good distraction, BUT THEY CAN ONLY HIDE SO MUCH! I mean, what would Humphrey Bogart have to say about this?
I prefer porn
fuckin' A+!!
Yeah, it's B-grade explotation flick. It's also good fun and great to look at.
saw you in the news surfin' the web in Berlin. yo.
oh yeah ..we all know the two reasons!
two thumbs fuckin' way way up!
it only needs the big tits... massive explosions optional.
is your name Luke Magnotta?
CASABLANCA CASABLANCA CASABLANCA!
@tigerwoman <3
fuckin' best movie ever!  i love the first three minutes of our Pamela on the swing getting all wet and showing of her gorgeous fuckable rack!  ah.. good times!!!
i've watched that clip with one hand so many times!!
aucun scenario
lol she should be a porn star
Another Classic!
the movie is shit but i download it in 1080p hd for one reason and you know it
I don't care what critics said about this movie. I loved it
Shame it's not in sync. Great quality.
@Raaaliiiii  "Don't Call me Babe" by Shampoo
what is the song?
365961 493 49 0 61
http://www.amazon.com/Barb-Wire-Pamela-Anderson/dp/B00007AJF5

Barb Wire is a 1996 film based on the Dark Horse comic book series Barb Wire. The film was produced by Brad Wyman and starred Pamela Anderson Lee. The movie was a vehicle for Baywatch star Anderson, intended to enable her to cross over from television to movie stardom.



Pamela Anderson - (Barb Wire)

Temuera Morrison - (Axel Hood)

Victoria Rowell - (Cora D)

Jack Noseworthy - (Charlie Kopetski)

Xander Berkeley - (Alexander Willis)

Udo Kier - (Curly)

Jennifer Banko - (Spike)

Alex Bookston - (Man in White Suit)

Andre Rosey Brown - (Big Fatso)

Mark Collver - (Manny)

Vincent Curto - (Aide to Pryzer)

Shelly Desai - (Sharif)

Clint Howard - (Schmitz)

Neil Hunt - (Weasel)

Henry Kingi - (Moe)

Tom "Tiny" Lister, Jr. - (Bouncer)

Joey Sagal - (Fred the Bartender)

Patti Tippo - (Mom)

Nicholas Worth - (Reuben)

Salvator Xuereb - (Young Soldier)

Tony Bill - (Foster)

Steve Railsback - (Col. Pryzer)

Michael Russo - (Santo)

Jack Wright - (Package Check Guy)

Tina Cote - (Woman in Bar #1)

Miles Dougal - (Goon)

Nils Allen Stewart - (Jack)

David Andriole - (Goon)



Production Credits:

Dins Danielsen (Art Director)

Ray Manzella (Associate Producer)

Dennis Brody (Associate Producer)

Guy Skinner (Camera Operator)

Rick Montgomery (Casting)

Dan Parada (Casting)

Rick Bota (Cinematographer)

Michel Colombier (Composer (Music Score))

Rosanna Norton (Costume Designer)

David Hogan (Director)

Peter Schink (Editor)

Peter Heller (Executive Producer)

Mark Cotone (First Assistant Director)

Douglas E. Wise (First Assistant Director)

Robert Del Valle (Line Producer)

Donna Lou Henderson (Makeup)

Todd Moyer (Producer)

Mike Richardson (Producer)

Brad Wyman (Producer)

Jean-Philippe Carp (Production Designer)

Chuck Pfarrer (Screenwriter)

Ilene Chaiken (Screenwriter)

M. James Arnett (Second Unit Director)

Patricia Klawonn (Set Designer)

Liz Deutsch (Set Designer)

Michel Colombier (Songwriter)

Vince Garcia (Sound/Sound Designer)

John Gray (Special Effects)

Chuck Picerni, Jr. (Stunts)

M. James Arnett (Stunts Coordinator)
PT1M18S
sd
MovieID::::297
Song name please.
awesome! :)))))
A mi me gusta los trailers y teaser y hd sos groso savelo
112779 122 8 0 3
"The year is 2029. The world has become intensively information oriented and humans are well-connected to the network. Crime has developed into a sophisticated stage by hacking into the interactive network. To prevent this, Section 9 is formed. These are cyborgs with incredible strengths and abilities that can access any network on Earth."

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113568/plotsummary
PT56S
hd
MovieID::::298
His fat suit is so realistic..........................
(rolls eyes so hard breaks retina)
Best thing about this movie: Kari Wurher
Diet for Body Positive ladies
Lol, that laugh from that old man hahaha
Does anyone find it weird that Jim Cummings is narrating this trailer?
1:26-1:28 my reaction exactly. Only I've been laughing for the past 6 minutes now. I was convinced that it was one of the SCARY MOVIE series.
robocop 3 guy
"More terror, less filling". And the exact opposite can be viewed in most of his works. Less terror, more filling.
He didn't apologise, he didn't even plead... all he simply said was 'Take It Off' and allowed his mob friend to terrorise them
I'm not sure what I've just seen. Is this really linked to the King's book??
Ladies and Gentlemen, the HP Lovecraft diet.
M U M ,
ich
möchte
Dich
bitten ,
mich / uns
zu
` befreien ´ /  ` erlösen ´
von
jeglichen

` negativen  Auswirkungen ´                    ( dict.cc )

die
` vorstellbar ´
sind .

M U M ,
bitte
` vernichte ´
auch
dieses
` hassliche  Wort - Spiel ´
` Nekrophil ´  . . .
(  M U M ,
ich konnte einfach nicht
` verstehen ´ ,
warum
Du
mir   ` schriebst ´  :      ` silly me ´  . . .      ( dict.cc )
ich
` kann ´  und  ` konnte ´
` keine  Erklärung ´
` dafür ´
` finden ´  . . .
[  deshalb  dachte ich mir dieses  ` Wortspiel ´  aus ,
um
dieser
` Sache ´
einen
` Sinn ´
zu
geben  . . .


M U M ,
da
wäre
` noch ´
` eine  Sache ´  :

. . .  ich dachte  ` zunächst ´ ,
` es ´
sei
` Schmutz ´  . . .
( ` Schmutz ´  ist bei meinen  ` Lebens - Umständen ´
nichts
` Ungewöhnliches ´  . . .

es ist
auf
meiner
es lässt
sich nicht
` abwaschen ´  . . .
es
ist
` kreis - rund ´ ,
die
` Grösse  /  Oberfläche ´  :
ca .
2 / 3  bis  3 / 4
der
Oberfläche
eines
`  1 - Eurocent - Stückes ´  . . .
es
ist
eine
leichte
` Vertiefung ´ ,
so wie
` eingraviert ´  oder  ` eingebrannt ´
( das  ` im Kreis ´  liegende  ` Haut - Gewebe ´  ist
etwas   ` dunkler´ ,
als
die
` umgebende ´  Haut  . . .
die
` Position ´ :
` zentral ´  auf der  ` Stirn ´  ( über der Nase )
im
` oberen  Drittel ´
der
` Stirn ´  . . .

M U M ,
es wird
doch
nichts
` Schlechtes ´
sein
??
Brilliant film, one of Stephen King's best.
Is that creepy old dude Tula's dad?!
I'm a third of the way through the book. This looks awful. The tone is wrong and the gypsy that was meant to curse his has no nose but in the film he has a huge nose.
It wasn't his fault it was just an accident
its Richard Bachmann which is Stephen king he named him self that to see if they would sell as well as they would with king on the cover.
111680 140 10 0 24
More videos at http://www.cinematheia.com/
Director: Tom Holland
Writers: Stephen King (novel), Michael McDowell (screenplay)
Stars: Joe Mantegna, Robert John Burke, Lucinda Jenney
Stephen King's Thinner (1996)
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::299
upload full movie
Love this movie, seen it many times on VHS!
please load the full movie :)
2975 17 1 0 3
"Brothers in Trouble " 1995
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112586/
PT23M51S
sd
MovieID::::300
I just love 1940s acting. "I tell ya, it's safe!"
Roy Roberts was a marvelous character actor who was never given proper credit. He had a long and respected career in film an television.
Jacob Julius Garfinkle (John Garfield), Issur Danielovitch (Kirk Douglas), Bernard Schwartz (Tony Cutis),  Joseph Levitch (Jerry Lewis), Stanley Lieber (Stan Lee), Natalie Portman (Neta-Lee Hershlag),its amazing how many Jewish actors out of new York (or "Joisey" changed their names because of the stigma/racism of the day. People still do it today! Gilbert Roland (Luis de Alonso), (John Golenor (John Gavin), and Ramon Estevez (Martin Sheen), are Mexican.
Wonderful film...the grat John Garfield is terrific!
Incredible talent....always an "explosion" ready to go off, just "under the surface".
GreaT MOVIE...John Garfield is one of the all time greats!!
Love the final scenes of this movie. Garfield's descent to the water. Beautifully shot and heartbreaking.
great film and a great actor in john garfield.it's a shame he died so young.loved all his films,especially they ran all the way,they made me a criminal and out of the fog.
What a great clip.I have try and get this film for myself.Thanks for sharing it here.
19528 32 2 0 9
The Numbers Racket
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::301
2847 5 0 0 0
http://thedukemitchell.uk/ for more weird videos plus strange film nights in London.

Vinyl lobby spot for the 1964 black comedy Dr. Strangelove, directed by Stanley Kubrick and starring Peter Sellers.

Plus check us out on:
https://www.facebook.com/thedukemitchell
https://twitter.com/TheDukeMitchell
https://www.instagram.com/thedukemitchell
https://www.facebook.com/nightofthetrailers
https://twitter.com/NightOfTrailers
PT1M
hd
MovieID::::302
Saw this at the Walker Art Center with Guy Maddin himself introducing and holding a Q&A afterward. Great memory, and one of my favorite films (and directors!).
Fucking weird.
i've had this on one of those recording tapes
Lower the sheepskins!
Guy Maddin is a genius and Careful is a masterpiece.  Pick up the DVD and listen to his commentary.
I have been looking for this for about ten years. It's the most bizarre film I've ever seen and I thought the name was "Be Careful", but ?? As luck would have it, it was in Wiki from 1992. It feels like someone tried way too hard in film class....:))) Hilarious. I tried to take it seriously. I really did.....
my favorite film
THe first time I saw this film, I didn't realize how funny it was. It really has a lot of intentional humor...it's just nuts.
Maddin has a book out...
From The Atelier Tovar..a collection of his journalism, writings, journals, film treatments, photos...pure gold. Go find it.. buy it...support this artist who finds himself frequently without dough.
I would give Guy Maddin all the hair I've lost this month.
this movie was quite bizare. quite.
Johann is one troubled Butler Student.
85714 63 11 0 12
A short scene involving a Love Potion from Guy Maddin's 1992 film Careful.
PT6M22S
sd
MovieID::::303
Thanks so much for uploading this!  I have a copy of it on VHS, but it's really great that people can watch this silly, but fun movie online.

Marya Cohn is still involved with acting and directing, but George Thrush is now the Director of the School of Architecture at Northeastern University.
2280 6 0 0 1
This is a cute story about a couple from New York City making their way to Vermont to (possibly) get married. It was filmed in Vermont in the 1990's. The movie features the local characters from the small towns that it was filmed in including Fred Tuttle, who ran for President a few years ago and starred in his own movie called "A Man with a Plan". For those of you who are already, or thinking about getting married, there are alot of "marriage tips" in this movie given by some of the old timers that have been married for decades. Enjoy the scenery and movie!
PT10M43S
sd
MovieID::::304
@voxgirl Hi! Thanks for your prompt and thoughtful reply. I don't think the answer to #2 is quite right, though... In the bathroom scene La Beaumont seems to refer to that outcome as an unintended consequence, not as something she had planned. It seems to me that she initiated her flirtation out of willfullness, but I'm still not sure how she thought it would benefit her. When she initially goes to give the Major the flower, she first looks at La Bentley as if to say, "This'll teach her."
@dseanmat = Hi, to answer your questions: Question 1) My answer: Yes, she had an affair. Out of character? Not really. You're shocked bcs you put expectations on her without knowing her. Sounds like it was convenient for Ms. Bentley to have that relationship since she was caring for her father. But that's only a guess. Could be she never found the right one, until now. ... Question 2) My answer: For Miss Bentley. Ms. Beaumont mentioned this in the bathroom scene towards the end.
@voxgir: Having watched this film again just last night, I concur that it grows more and more enjoyable with each passing year. And yes, it does make one want to visit Lake Como! I just have two questions about the film which I hope someone can answer.

1. At one point Miss Bentley seems to admit to the major that she carried on an affair with a married man for 14 years. This seems very out of character. Am I right?

2. Just why did Miss Beaumont commence her initial flirtation with the major?
I like this movie so much I bought it. It's one of those movies that you can watch again and again. If you like quiet, witty humor with a touch of love mixed in. Oh, and the scenery is beautiful. I'd love to visit Lake Como!
This movie makes me so happy!
i wanna watch it so badly!
38197 26 2 0 6

PT1M38S
sd
MovieID::::305
My Girl 3: Vada's Girl
Man if this movie is boring why can nostalgia critic review it?!
I want this on laserdisc!  Haha

esta mpeli amrco mi adolescenciaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaysss
Anna Schlumsky  e Chistina  Ricci
duas   gatinhas  maravilhosas...
i watched this movie yesterday and i can't stop thinkin about it....its cool
Love this movie!
Do you have the song from this movie? the theme song?
OMG! I havev't seen this movie 4 a long time.
This movie was amazing :)
anyone know where i can watch this movie online?
The song is called "The Flying Song", and the artist is Colin Hay. Hope that helps!
Thanks so much! It gets me all nostalgic.
13854 31 1 0 13
I love this film, and I put this trailer up because it is hard to find. I hope they will release it on DVD soon!
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::306
Where is the movie
Trailer or Big Title !!!!!
If anyone's seen the film could you please confirm whether they send Kim to the Sanawar Military Asylum before St. Xavier's in the movie??
17585 49 4 0 3
The boy Kim knows how to scrounge up a hot meal in India's bustling cities, how to scamper catlike across rooftops, and disguise himself as a local and conceal his Anglo heritage. To Kim, these are just ways to be free. To colonial British intelligence, they're skills it knows will be useful when it makes Kim a spy. Like Gunga Din, Captains Courageous and The Man Who Would Be King, Kim belongs to the treasury of films based on Rudyard Kipling's works. Dean Stockwell, then just five years into a career stretching from the 1940s into the 21st century, plays the title role. And Errol Flynn is Red Beard, Kim's protector and a key operative in espionage activities that spies call "the Great Game." It's all great Kiplingesque adventure.
PT2M49S
sd
MovieID::::307
Amazing woman.
I saw this video, WOW! She is amazing and this is an amazing story as well.
32200 27 1 0 2
The Vietnam War Memorial was one of the most controversial monuments of its time. Thrust in to the eye of the storm was architect-sculptor Maya Lin, whose design for the memorial was chosen when she was a 21-year-old college student. Withstanding bitter attacks, she held her ground with clarity and grace. In this Academy Award winner, Freida Lee Mock follows a decade in the life of this visionary artist.



"Two Thumbs Up" — Siskel and Ebert



Find out more about this film at http://amdoc.org/projects/truelives/pg_maya.html
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::308
I like jared doing a,lot of things, but an accent isnt one of them... hes anamzing actor, dont get me wrong. I just dont like it when he dose an accent
Frankie is basically my life in a nutshell
hard to belive he is the same guy in the movie I just watched.........The sucide squad. Excellent by the way. Not bad with the Irish accent either.
Now that I've seen this scene I cannot not watch Switchback...
DAT SHOWER SCENE FROM SWITCHBACK... *Q*
REALLY wanna see both movies so bad!!
y does christina rici always get to be in films with my favorite actors! i swear shes kissed every hot guy in holywood! lol
Does Jared end up with Christina Ricci at the end of the Last High KIngs?
It's rly weird seeing jared acting without an accent or looking really different XD and i couldn't tell the age difference between him in switchback and him today :)
20906 136 2 0 14
As requested by waitingxbyxmoonlight



Last of the High Kings (1996) (aka Summer Fling but that title makes no sense what so ever) is a really cute movie! Weird...but cute xD

Christina Ricci and Gabriel Byrne have small parts.

Switchback (1997)...now that movie was sooo bad but you only see it for the Eye Candy anyway. Jared's absolutely gorgeous... and has such an adorable look on his face when he gets out of the car window at those last few seconds in this clip xD



ALSO AVALIABLE AT VEOH: http://www.veoh.com/browse/videos/category/entertainment/watch/v7010295jdFM6gzG



Reuploaded from my old account (originally uploaded on April 19, 2008 - 17 015 views)
PT9M52S
sd
MovieID::::309
5653 20 0 0 0
Heavy Trailer 1995
Director: James Mangold
Starring: Deborah Harry, Shelley Winters, Liv Tyler, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Joe Grifasi, Evan Dando

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The life of an overweight cook changes dramatically when a beautiful and kind waitress opens his heart to love. 'Two thumbs up!' Siskel & Ebert.

Movie, Heavy Movie,Heavy Trailer,Heavy 1995, James Mangold,Deborah Harry, Shelley Winters, Liv Tyler, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Joe Grifasi, Evan Dando
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::310
she is scum!
Great performances all-round.
Stephen Dorff’s Candy was surprisingly good.
Comrade Legasov?
Where is Margo Feiden's character??
I am a fan of Andy Warhol, but I know that he behaved badly with Valerie Solanas. That's why I wrote the song "That girl", played on my channel.
This was an awful trailer for such a great movie.
Great movie and sad story. But, I still think the best person to portray Warhol was Bowie.
Spoiler: Andy lives.
what a fine worthwhile member of society she was lol
she shot ANDY on the same day the CIA killed RFK in LA.
geez it loooks so dated now i cant even, i used to think 90s film had a fresh feel to them now they look as dated as 80s films
The man hating Valerie Solanas in real life was more interesting than the overrated Andy Warhol. Valerie seemed to really hate men. A lot of that due to her mental illness and paranoid schizophrenia. She was very smart, but suffered a lot mentally. She had a rough life. Lived poorly, homeless and as a prostitute for much of her life. Alone for most of her later life. Valerie's is a sad story. Her SCUM Manifesto is her treatise on men and women. I wonder if you could show Valerie her whole life in advance and ask her if she wanted to do it all over again, would she want to do it the same ? I think not. As for Andy Warhol ? Talentless Overrated media hack. Andy showed that anything can be art. If everyone thought that was a profound relevation, they must have been dropping too much acid.
The sad story of hate twisting another mind into thinking that more hate is the answer to all your problems.
(Sigh)
I've got a riddle for all feminists and SJWs out there;
Why is it that, if no one truly WANTS to hate someone, their hate is one of the most painful things to let go of?
Give up?
The answer is because HATE IS A DRUG.  This woman was high on her own hate and she used Warhol as a focal point to intensify it.
When you drown yourself in something that gives you a momentary blissful high or winds you up (and don't deny hate doesn't do exactly that) it gets impossible to let go of.  You, in fact, go into withdrawal without it and feel incomplete unless you feel that feeling every moment.
The worst thing you can do is act on this need instead of trying to break free of it.
Did...they just give away the whole movie?
82298 227 16 0 35
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

I Shot Andy Warhol Trailer - Directed by Mary Harron and starring Jared Harris, Lothaire Bluteau, Peter Friedman, Jamie Harrold, Donovan Leitch. The true story of Valerie Solanas, the radical feminist who became notorious after shooting art world icon Andy Warhol, is portrayed in this fact-based drama.

MGM - 1996
PT1M50S
sd
MovieID::::311
A Film with a good Cast and atmosphere, although I hated that the voice over was used way too much
It's amazing seeing Piper Laurie and Sissy Spacek again together in a movie, now they are sisters instead of mother and daughter!
Where can I find the complete movie?
dove posso trovare questo film?
15836 74 8 0 6
The Grass Harp Trailer 1996
Director: Charles Matthau
Starring: Edward Furlong, Jack Lemmon, Mary Steenburgen, Piper Laurie, Sissy Spacek, Walter Matthau

Official Content From New Line Home Entertainment

A young boy learns about life by observing the eccentric grown-ups in his small hometown. Based on the heartwarming classic novel by Truman Capote.

Movie, The Grass Harp Movie,The Grass Harp Trailer,The Grass Harp 1996, Charles Matthau,Edward Furlong, Jack Lemmon, Mary Steenburgen, Piper Laurie, Sissy Spacek, Walter Matthau
PT2M54S
sd
MovieID::::312
A beautiful movie with a poetic end .
After Peter Sellers came "Alonso", and after "Alonso" came "Borat"......or was it "Juan from Barcelona" ?
what an amazing movie! i'm watching it for, i don't know, maybe 10th time, and i'm still so touched...
Como consigo los subtítulos en castellano??? SPANISH SUBS, PLEASE!!!
Awesome  movie with Brilliant acting :) also see Tango Argentina    ...Fab,,, same director
Great movie.
Sólo 70 visualizaciones! Recomienden esta gran obra, actual siempre, divertida, tierna, reflexiva, hiriente... un cineasta digno de seguirse. Gracias por subirla.
17534 72 14 0 13
film by Goran Paskaljevic
1995
PT1H31M55S
sd
MovieID::::313
I can see why this film was controversial over 50 years ago.  It's still kinda creepy that Vadim would cast siblings in a romantic setting.  I mean couldn't he have offered Peter the role as just a friend or heck cast him as her brother.  In a sweet way, you can see their bond.  Poor Jane, I know what it is like to lose a sibling.
0:02 music reminds me of Blacula (1972).
American screening at its finest: we have a movie made by 2 outstanding authors (Vadim, Malle) and one genius (Fellini) but we'll promote it only by actors' names and promises of fear like it's a B-movie. However, only Fellini's segment of this omnibus movie was great, Malle's part was rather mediocre  and Vadim's part was totally ridiculous despite all the erotic scenes and incredible beauty of Jane Fonda.
I enjoyed this film but found it bizarre that real life brother and sister, Jane and Peter Fonda, were cast together as people attracted to each other. I kept wondering if there was going to be a love scene.
die schwarze Kunst
There are 2 other movies here on YT with that: "Run, Angel, Run" and "That Tender Touch". Don't believe me? Look those up. Both films are from 1969.
the trailer mainly focused on Vadim's movie with Jane Fonda.

the movie #3 is a great one too.
Jane Fonda back in the days when what you saw on the screen in this movie was basically real life for her.
31811 121 1 0 11
The 1969 American-International theatrical trailer for the 1968 horror anthology, adapted from the stories of Edgar Allen Poe and filmed in Europe by noted directors Roger Vadim, Louis Malle, and Federico Fellini.  Terence Stamp, Alain Delon, Brigitte Bardot, Jane Fonda, and Peter Fonda star.
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::314
Não existe este filme dublado em Português?
1 of the most realistic portrayals of civilian life during the Civil War, & how the war affected them. Absolutely outstanding sets & wardrobe! Superb acting!
does any one know the name of the song at the end of the movie and who sings it???
For such a small budget film--great movie.
Ms. Clarkson stole the show, bringing out the fury of a Confederate heroine.
8726 24 3 0 6
During the American Civil War, a Union Army captain leads his rag-tag cavalry troop up a misty creek to a remote farm to steal enemy (Confederate) livestock. The farm is wroked by Sarah Anders, whose husband is away fighting for the Confederate Army. Far from the great armies and battlefields, a very private civil war erupts. The Captain and Sarah are pulled apart by the war's undertow into choices they can not fully control or understand. Each character in this drama must decide whether loyalty will be paid in blood. This story has a relevance to current partisan conflicts. Armies are not filled with murdering psychopaths. Good people can be driven to do bad things. The story chronicles the pathology of war, how escalating events can trigger unasked-for tragedy. Based on a true story about a southern child who shot and killed a union soldier during the Civil War.

MPAA Rating: PG-13 for brief violence and sexual references.

Cast: Chris Cooper and Patricia Clarkson is available on DVD
PT1M39S
sd
MovieID::::315
The effects to that movie still hold up well. The dogfight under the alien ship still looks surreal. I still remember seeing the trailer for this and the "HOLY SHIT" reaction me and everyone else had. It was a near perfect summer disaster movie.
Wonder how Michael Bay would have directed this film?
Man I loved Robert Loggia damn he was up there with the greats on acting!
RIP Robert Loggia (the General at the beginning of the trailer) - his reaction to the "They're slowing down" line is priceless.
This was the first trailer I saw back in '96. It was awesome and then I saw the movie 4 times at the cinema. I still love it!
Waiting for the sequel.
Dude, you dumbass. This is independence Day 1. There is no trailer of independence Day 2 because his release is in 2014!
List of things good and bad about 2012
The Good:
1. Special effects
2. Amanda Peet

The Bad:
1. John Cusack
2. Pretty much everything...
The Day After Tomorrow was his last good film.
No. No, it isn't. "2012" was only good because of the special effects. Independence Day is a true sci-fi classic, even though it was only made 17 years ago. The visual effects in this are far more superior to the ones in 2012.
You=single digit IQ.I am not racist-racist are the jews from hollywood-if they want to advertise blacks so much(while using themselfes only goods made by the white man)i dont have a problem .But along the way they somehow always post whites as dumb,criminals ,loosers etc.Thats what i dont like.And a lot of other white people too.The jew likes to provoke everybody around and then they wonder if some body starts hating them,and explain it whit ''antisemitism''.Like i wrote -idiots.
Fortunatly i didnt met any jews so far,but i heart they are really annoying assholes...
how old is this movie?
really? i can't wait!
2012 is better than this
me but i bet that i've seen this more than 100 times and i'm not overreacting

This Movie is a Classic
They meant for it to read the second ID4 trailer, NOT Independence Day 2!  (Never should do a sequel)

Kinda Obvious When the twin towers are there.  When you make a crappy trailer for a sequel at least make sure your timelines add up
He just left it there, by the end of the video,it said independence day, no two.
Good thing it's fake,or we're all fucked.I can't imagine how shit the sequel is.
1:10 I was cheated, where's the helicopter ?
Much better with the music it has in the other trailer - Hans Zimmer's Roll Tide.
wtf is wrong with u man obviously that is the first movie trailer and u didn't even edit it to say independence day 2..... like really man?
I was 13 when this movie came out and it was as if my life had been completed.
I really wish they hadn't put the helicopter in the final film too.
They actually knew how to make trailers back then. Reveal a little bit without showing the whole damn movie in 2 mins
This movie is one of greatest films ever made. Go fuck yourself
Watching the movie tomorrow in honor of July 4th.
Steaming pile of shit of a movie.  Plot even lamer than the characters.
Anyone else like the way the White House destruction was shown in the trailer? In the movie there were several rapid edits but here it looks MUCH scarier.
This movie is the Godfather of all alien disaster movies, however the story can not compete with The war of the worlds [ original version ] . For this generation only doese ID4 stand as the Godfather of alien disaster flicks. outside of that-it is just another version of a war of the worlds story. loosely based on the flying saucer attacking all over the world fobia !!! And why don't these nasty stinking aliens take a bath-or practice great personal hygene ? Just their stinch alone can kill !
best move of all time


Ah, Back when Roland Emmerich made awesome disaster flicks, not crap productions like 2012.
THIS IS SO BORING MOVIE BUT BATTLE "(ALIENS SPACESHIPVS.CITYFORCES)

@SCIFIguy64 actually they have, go watch the film "Attack The Block" or type it into youtube.
@JoachimVR I do. They just don't make multimillion doller films about it.
@SCIFIguy64 You should watch Doctor Who and Torchwood for that :p
Why do EVERY alien attack us? Its nice to be in the best genra of Sci-Fi but realy, have they made an alien attack of the UK?
Awesome trailer!




Happy 15th year anniversary when this movie was released in theatres.
Does anyone else get Bill Pullman mixed up with Michael Douglass?? I know I do.
one of the best of american movies, I love it!!
Hans Zimmer's score for "Pacific heights" used at 0:26
insult to human intelligence,
This was back before I knew who Roland Emmerich was.
@slatz20  Why what would i be about??
We come in peace ''Yeah but your leaving in piece's''
@kungenchrille if it just has AVG we're not fucked... it sucks
Independence Day 2 is coming 2015 !
@MrVercettti
yea ... you can tell because it was the same shit america pumps out every six months.
Why is it called ID4? What does the 4 mean?
1:11 sweet. no more taxes
1:11 DON'T PUT EXPLOSIVES IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
@KeIIinator feeling ur comment there ;)



90's was the time :P
@maxyfratello35   that made me smile!!!
Bill Gates trolled those Aliens hard...
@reply4reply yes its true!
@natetheD i agree
@osmanosky America is the most powerful nation on the planet. They would go after their biggest threat.
@kungenchrille yeah then weer screwed
@kungenchrille  Independence Day II: McAfee's Revenge
@blues970123

Yeah I remember. Cool level.
@latinourbano lol, understandable.
on the one level on nintendo 64 Star Fox .....the level looks like a scene from this movie.
@sonicdbzfan94  i heard they did make a 2 movie to this..but after the 9/11 attacks i heard some movies that showed any destruction of the towers or white house etc. were to be cancelled or not shown to respect all those that died that year
@sonicdbzfan94
The ships that came was a colony i think, so who knows maybe it was just a tiny colony :P
sorry drunk talk
cant belive its been 14yrs seems like yesterday
I know it may be a mistake, but I think they should either make a sequel or a remake. If anything, a sequel. I mean, did these aliens have a home? They couldn't have been just one species living on a battleship, even if its bigger than the Moon. Thumbs up if a sequel is needed.
@willbond this moive is awsome
@DaedalEVE

Damn right 80's rocked and now we get twilight and others I just don't get movies anymore
@osmanosky Because it's an American MOVIE destroying famous American cities and landmarks for dramatic effect ("movie" being the key word here). Quite simple, really.
@rudypoodoo ok and how is Battlefield Earth like INDEPENDENCE DAY 2? cause the dudes were just saying back n 2009 that 2013 they mite make INDEPEDNECE DAY 2????? r they ganna remake Battlefield Earth? or r we both mistaken? cause BE doesnt really match up with ID
THIS IS WHY I LIKE TO BE BORN N THE 90s! we had all of the greatest actors and greatest type shit to use to create such a FUCKING MASTERPEICE all we need left was CG and that other CG james used for AVATAR....we had NINJA TURTLES! to DIE HARD 3, GODZILLA!, JURASSIC PARK 1 n 2!, BACK TO THE FUTURE PART III!, TERMINATOR 2, MEN IN BLACK, TITIANIC, STARWARS REDUN and EPISODE 1!, PITCH BLACK, RUSH HOUR, ESCAPE FROM L.A., PULP FICTION, to even games like, RESIDENT EVIL, CONKER, TOMB-RAIDER and shit!
@rudypoodoo IT WAS????????? WAT tell me more! is there a 3RD ONE THEN?
0:50 is the nph?
the movie was made in America so SHUT THE FUCK UP
Looooool it's fake!!!!!
@osmanosky Because they have been watching us and have been on the earth in the 1960's. They have got a brain
@osmanosky They are smart
@Dragzilla66 lest hope they have  vista
@isaiahgava  i its jus me or do disasters in movies never happen in canada mexico africa and asia.
i never understood how a computer virus is compatible with the alen mother ship, and we cant maek a virus thats compatible with both windows and mac... wtf?!
I wonder what they attacked up here in Canada?
The United States military originally intended to provide personnel, vehicles, and costumes for the film; however, they backed out when the producers refused to remove the Area 51 references from the script. that sucks

What is the name of the trailer song and in what movie came out????
@kungenchrille If they go on-line and download Norton 360.........God help us! lol.
PS= the aliens will return in the second movie and they will have....

wait for it.....!


AVG antivirus!!

WE ARE ALL FUCKED

yeah but these aliens in this vid would rape the V aliens big time
@Dragzilla66 lol @ them
bullshit not the real trailer but the film is coming out
this is what i call a real trailer!!!!
@poplocker16

that's not that funny!
good point. hahaha.
the white house exploding still looks amazing!
Im italian,if the aliens can not to go to destroy new york  or los angeles they don't come  at all on the earth. Or if they must do it, they have to queue after godzilla,cloverfield,ice,water,each disaster possible and others 1500 aliens. Why does the aliens go exactly up white house?,for them it could be only a farm.
this is the best movie
467981 254 42 0 136
Independence Day Theatrical Trailer 2. Independence Day Offical Movie Music Soundtrack Video. David Arnold Music Independence Day

-WillSmithMovies-



- We've always believed we weren't alone. Pretty soon, we'll wish we were.

- The day we'll fight back!

- EARTH Take a good look. It could be your last.

- Don't make plans for August.

- The question of whether or not we are alone in the universe has been answered.

- WARNING! Your next stop may not be there.

- They only want one thing... DESTRUCTION!

- Enjoy The Superbowl. It May Be Your Last (Superbowl Promo)

- On July 2nd, they arrive. On July 3rd, they strike. On July 4th, we fight back.

- On July 2, 1996, the aliens came. On July 3, 1996, the aliens saw and struck. On Independence Day 1996, the human race will CONQUER!



On July 2nd, communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference. It is soon learned by the military that a number of enormous objects are on a collision course with Earth. At first thought to be meteors, they are later revealed to be gigantic spacecraft, piloted by a mysterious alien species. After attempts to communicate with the aliens go nowhere, David Levinson, an ex-scientist turned cable technician, discovers that the aliens are going to attack major points around the globe in less than a day. On July 3rd, the aliens all but obliterate New York, Los Angeles, and Washington. The survivors set out in convoys towards Area 51, a strange government testing ground where it is rumored the military has a captured alien spacecraft of their own. The survivors devise a plan to fight back against the enslaving aliens, and July 4th becomes the day humanity will fight for its freedom. July 4th is their Independence Day...



In the beginning of July, a strange spaceship is heading towards Earth. Humans received a strange signal, and this has turned into a global phenomenon. It was aliens. smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities. Then, when the world counterattacked, the alien ships are invincible to normal weapon systems, then The President of the United States, decides to head to area 51, to formulate a plan to defeat the aliens. Now, the fate of the world rests on a handful of surviving humans.



The ultimate encounter when mysterious and powerful aliens launch an all out invasion against the human race. The spectacle begins when massive spaceships appear in Earth's skies. But wonder turns to terror as the ships blast destructive beams of fire down on cities all over the planet. Now the world's only hope lies with a determined band of survivors, uniting for one last strike against the invaders - before it's the end of mankind.



Will Smith - Captain Steven Hiller

Bill Pullman - President Thomas J. Whitmore

Jeff Goldblum - David Levinson

Mary McDonnell - First Lady Marilyn Whitmore

Judd Hirsch - Ulius Levinson

Robert Loggia - General William Grey



Awards: Won Oscar. Another 26 wins & 21 nominations



Director: Roland Emmerich

Producted: Dean Devlin, Roland Emmerich, Ute Emmerich, William Fay & Peter Winther

Writers: Dean Devlin & Roland Emmerich

Cast: Will Smith, Bill Pullman, Jeff Goldblum, Mary McDonnell, Judd Hirsch & Robert Loggia

Music: David Arnold

Genre: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi & Thriller

Release Date: 25 June 1996
PT1M32S
sd
MovieID::::316
GREAT THE NUTTY PROFESSOR (1996 ) TEASER (VHS CAPTURE ) WITH EDDIE MURPHY AKA SHERMAN KLUMP AKA BUDDY LOVE !!!!
Universal Pictures
Imagine Entertainment
Avnet/Kerner Productions
classic comedy
30018 73 8 0 6
Copyright of this video is not claimed by the retroVHStrailers channel. All rights retained by the copyright holder. The retroVHStrailers channel does not monetize this video.  This video is provided for archival purposes only. It will be removed if requested by contacting the retroVHStrailers channel.

Teaser for "The Nutty Professor (1996)" captured from the "Liar Liar (1997)" VHS tape. This tape is labeled 82926 and released in (1997).
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::317
Mil gracias por subir esta versión subtitulada.
3782 10 0 0 1
"Yo, la peor de todas", es una película dirigida por María Luisa Bemberg, sobre la vida de Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, su rebelión contra la Iglesia, su relación con el orden colonial mexicano, y su obsesión por la virreina.


---English subtitles---
PT14M58S
sd
MovieID::::318
9956 10 2 0 0
movie short cut gay night 1994
PT8M41S
sd
MovieID::::319
Where is this sourced from? I've never seen a trailer without the title in and a placeholder for the billing block
Michael looks so young, and innocent in this trailer
10853 10 0 0 2
Rosie Perez and Harvey Keitel
PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::320
1919236 4786 1305 0 0
An important film in the history of American gay filmmaking, "A Very Natural Thing" is considered the first feature film on the gay experience made by an out gay man to receive commercial distribution. The insightful story follows a 26-year-old man, Jason, as he leaves the priesthood and moves to New York City in the hopes of finding a meaningful gay relationship.

Click here to watch great FREE Movies & TV: http://filmrise.com
PT1H26M38S
sd
MovieID::::321
I would love to see this movie - has anyone uploaded it to YouTube? And is it an English language film? Thanks! X
This movie was played in France in 1991 ("La vieille qui marchait dans la mer.")
5496 8 0 0 3
Old Lady Who Walked In The Sea Trailer 1995
Director: Laurent Heyneman
Starring: Jeanne Moreau, Michel Serrault, Luc Thullier,  ,  ,

Official Content From Hallmark Entertainment

A middle aged con-woman becomes involved with a young beachbum, and decides to teach him the tricks of her trade. French with English subtitles.

Movie, Old Lady Who Walked In The Sea Movie,Old Lady Who Walked In The Sea Trailer,Old Lady Who Walked In The Sea 1995, Laurent Heyneman,Jeanne Moreau, Michel Serrault, Luc Thullier,  ,  ,
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::322
I liked the mcconaughey storyline, very much disliked the chris cooper storyline.
Don't believe the lies. These comments were what helped convince me to check it out. It's grade A bull shit. First of all mcconaughey isn't in the film at all really. Literally 5-10 minutes of screen time tops. 2nd half of the film is Chris cooper first half is kris kristofferson, and annoying Elizabeth Pena throughout. The acting is really bad by all the no names who surprisingly take up a bulk off the movie. The writing is cheesy and the story structure is cliche at best. I usually can get into low budget indie films but this is god awful Do not spend 3$ renting this off iTunes. And if you can somehow watch it for free... Watch at your own risk.
Great Film! A zjohn Sayles Western Classic! A western with depth. Wonderful cast and a great live story, mystery. You can't get a better combo.
how it ends? his dad was a flawed STUD who committed murder to get rid of a racist evil bastard, and because of his dad's "Flawed" secret life, Chris Cooper's character SCREWS his HALF SISTER!!! lesson- that HOT chick who you dig on in your neighborhood and feel so "close to" might be your daddies secret love child!!!( uuurggh! the baby will have a momma-auntie/ daddy -uncle! hahahahaa!)
i gatta watch tis movie for drama class
Hope the movies better than the trailer
true detective: the prequel
Great movie  trailer does suck tho
Does anyone know where I can find this film in full please?

THE MOVIE WAS MADE IN MY CITY LOL
This crappy trailer doesn't do the movie justice. Lonestar is a spectacular who-done-it tale told by a master: John Sayles. You can watch this movie 10 times and still dig out new twists and hints. It's that good.

trailer looks horrible
'Wake Up Dolores' by Los Lobos.
Does any body know how i can upload this trailer onto my powerpoint?
Damn great movie. Yet poorly known it seems. The stereotyped trailer does it little justice though...
I remember seeing the film stages in my home town that was awesome!
105823 97 10 0 22
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116905/
PT1M35S
sd
MovieID::::323
This movie is set in 1996.
This movie is 23 years old fuck
I'm old :(
Chicken
Eggs
That little girl’s grating voice is good grounds for somebody never wanting to have children
Thanks Harriet for inspiring our first grade spy club. This movie was lit AF
Put it on netflix kids
What's the music from 0:00-0:13? I heard it at a boxing rink yesterday
Love this movie.
Harriet the spy
101010010101
Wild One by Iggy Pop.
I miss the 90s! Probably the last great decade for Nickelodeon!
The nostalgia-
I loved this movie as a kid. Me and my sister nearly wore out the orange VHS tape. :)
1:30 What song is this?
I just watched this movie after not seeing it in probably 2 decades, & I know exactly why they stopped showing it in reruns. I remembered that Harriet wrote things in her book that hurt The other kids feelings, but I forgot all of it. 1- she make fun of her male best friend for being poor. 2- she wrote a boy who wears purple socks should kill him self. 3- she told everyone that her archenemy’s father doesn’t live with her, & he hasn’t seen her in 3 years, then she got close to her & asked her “do you know why your dad hasn’t seen you in 3 years? It’s because he doesn’t love you.”
Thanks to this movie, I've had a crush on Michelle Trachtenberg since I was 2!!!!!
i love this movie
watching this trailer makes me feel old.
it's weird that this movie, although it was made in the 90s, kind of have a 60s feel to it.
1:10 how I am  feeling  right now with college life
Happy 20th anniversary to Harriet the Spy! I actually haven't seen this movie until two years ago. Rosie absolutely steals every scene she's in especially with the Alice in Wonderland references!
I remember seeing this trailer as a kid and wondering, "How is this annoying-as-hell trailer supposed to make people want to see this movie?"
This movie needs to show up on The Splat dedicated to 20 years,I hope.
I remembered the paint. The SLAP.
this is the movie where she decides to get revenge at the end so she  carves all the names of the friends who betrayed her on the table and starts pranking them like the girl who stuffs her bra ..... omg I've been looking for this movie for ages
OMG OMG i've been looking for this movie since i was like 13 and i searshed everything on google from movies about diaries to everything that i remember from this movie which isn't much ... harriet is the reason i had a diary at the time i liked hers so i created notebooks with PRIVATE written in collage OMG i can't believe i found it
i've been searching for this film for so long! omg
Who else is here because they remember this trailer from the beginning of the goodburger vhs tape?
My name is Harriet :D this is where my mom named me! :D 3
Oh my god, this has both Dov and Gail from Rookie Blue as just little munchkins in it!!!
Art of Noise - Peter Gunn (Featuring Duane Eddy) at 0:000
Wish I could find my orange VHS tape smh I had a very good childhood wit movies like these. Getting ready to buy Homeward Bound and this, seriously lol
The fact that Iggy Pop was used in the  Harriet the Spy trailer makes it that much cooler of a film. R.I.P. Orange-Slime-Nickelodeon
i really liked the movie but i wish i can delete Rossie O Donnel from it.
Wait, when the hell did that happen?
I saw this movie in theaters back in 1996. Geeze, I was 8 years old at that time.
It looks crazy lol
To bad she turn to aa porn star
Love this movie!
I remember going to see this movie when I was a kid and I remember finding Michelle Trachtenberg so cute.
What the music 0:52
This movie is random!
Using my dads account and Love this moving watching it
right now!
oh god, this trailer is so nickelodeon. it makes the move look retarded
Get up off of that thing, and dance so you can feel better!
hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee heeeeeeee
Its on netflix now
where can i watch this movie? do you have ay links?
My CHILDHOOD IS BACK!
I remember seeing this in theatres with my parents! I must have been 5!
This was the movie of my childhood....
@Adamandthomas1997 I remember my Daddy takign me to the movies to see HARRIET THE SPY. I was 4 years old that time.....
i haven't seen this movie in a long time
217816 422 24 0 83
Harriet the Spy is a 1996 comedy-drama and mystery film adaptation of the 1964 novel of the same name by Louise Fitzhugh, and starring Michelle Trachtenberg as the title character.
This film was directed by Bronwen Hughes, produced by Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon Movies and Rastar. This was the first film that was produced under the Nickelodeon Movies banner, and the first of two film adaptations of the Harriet the Spy books. In theaters, the pilot episode of Hey Arnold! was shown before the film.
The film was shot in the Florida cities of Fort Lauderdale and Miami, plus Toronto, Ontario.
The film was released in US theaters on July 10, 1996, and the film grossed $6,601,651 on its opening weekend, averaging about $3,615 per each of the 1,826 screens it was shown on.[1] The film went on to gross a total of $26,570,048 by November 10, 1996, and was considered a box office success, earning back double its $13,000,000 budget.
With thanks to ThePreviewsGuyReturn for this.
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::324
Terrific actress. The gap between her teeth was so cool.
She gets better with age.  She was adorable in BEING JOHN MALKOVICH
I want to eat out Catherine  Keener so bad!
God, I love Catherine Keener.


22092 23 0 0 5
Walking and Talking movie clips: http://j.mp/1BcPLuf
BUY THE MOVIE: http://amzn.to/urdeBO
Don't miss the HOTTEST NEW TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u2y6pr

CLIP DESCRIPTION:
When Amelia (Catherine Keener) learns that Andrew (Live Schreiber) has been having phone sex with a girl he just met, she calls him out on his sordid behavior because he won't call the girl for an actual relationship.

FILM DESCRIPTION:
A Manhattan woman struggles with loneliness in the face of her best friend's imminent marriage in this well-received independent comedy from first-time writer-director Nicole Holofcener. Amelia (Catherine Keener) feels isolated because her friend Laura (Anne Heche) has been devoting all her time to preparing for her upcoming wedding. Desperate, she resorts to the unthinkable: dating the nerdy, Fangoria-obsessed clerk at her local video store (Kevin Corrigan). This discouraging encounter, along with some awkward conversations with her former boyfriend, leave her even more depressed and jealous of Laura's good fortune. However, Laura soon reveals that she is having her own doubts about her future.

CREDITS:
TM & © Miramax Films (1996)
Cast: Liev Schreiber, Catherine Keener
Director: Nicole Holofcener
Producers: Dorothy Berwin, Ted Hope, Scott Meek, James Schamus
Screenwriter: Nicole Holofcener

The MOVIECLIPS channel is the largest collection of licensed movie clips on the web. Here you will find unforgettable moments, scenes and lines from all your favorite films. Made by movie fans, for movie fans.

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MOVIE CHANNELS:
MOVIECLIPS: http://bit.ly/1u2yaWd
ComingSoon: http://bit.ly/1DVpgtR
Indie & Film Festivals: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Hero Central: http://bit.ly/1AMUZwv
Extras: http://bit.ly/1u431fr
Classic Trailers: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Pop-Up Trailers: http://bit.ly/1z7EtZR
Movie News: http://bit.ly/1C3Ncd2
Movie Games: http://bit.ly/1ygDV13
Fandango: http://bit.ly/1Bl79ye
Fandango FrontRunners: http://bit.ly/1CggQfC

HIT US UP:
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1y8M8ax
Twitter: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Pinterest: http://bit.ly/14wL9De
Tumblr: http://bit.ly/1vUwhH7
PT2M12S
hd
MovieID::::325
where can i find this in USA?
where can I get the song?
highly enjoyable  movie
excelente , como siemore todo lo de Rohmer, es una de sus peliculas que mas disfrute.

35579 77 6 0 5
Copyright: Les films du Losange: http://www.filmsdulosange.fr - Bande-annonce du cinquième volet de la série Comédies et proverbes. Avec Clara Bellar, Antoine Basler, Mathias Mégard, Judith Chancel
PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::326
awesome movie!
Thats pretty racist just saying. haha
Excellent movie! Very entertaining action, which there hasn't been enough of in recent years.

But that line where Baldwin says "You don't like white people?" then Fishburne says "No i just don't like you!"  It would have been one of the funniest moments ever if it went - "You don't like me?"  "No I just don't like white people!"  They missed a trick with that one.
i dont care what people say i'd take these movies over anything there making today...... people forget when they made a movie and they called it action, thats just what the hell was, but now all i hear "the story could be better" get bent i say.........give me a blow em up any day that made no sense than these so called story movies lol

@rahoufebaaby Stephen Baldwin. Alec Baldwin's brother.
Honestly, I don't like Stephen Baldwin but in this film he was great. He made this movie and you really like his character no matter what. Laurence Fishburne was great too. Salma Hayek and Brittney Powell were 2 Beauties here. I miss the 90's
If your looking for a 90' action thriller with mild humour this is your movie
@admtm24

lol, what a coincidence. I was searching for some thriller movies of the 1990's in Wikipedia, and this one comes to my attention and seems intriguing to watch.

I'm watching the trailer on youtube on a Saturday afternoon and that's funny because you said this movie was enjoyable on a Saturday Afternoon.  And that's exactly the time it is right now.

I'm going to download it,  I like these kind of escape thrillers, I hope the movie's not too bad !
wts the name at the beginning
Not a bad movie.

Enjoyable for a Saturday afternoon.
only for floppy disk all about.. bad guys on this film wants the whole lot of data from a floppy disk.. those days..
47809 46 4 0 12
http://filmtipps24.tv

Two prisoners chained together flee during an escape attempt gone bad
PT2M22S
sd
MovieID::::327
qual o nome da musica????
5991 20 1 0 2
I'm uploading several scenes containing "Hawaii Five-0" actor Scott Caan from his first movie "A Boy Called Hate."

Some also contain James Caan and Missy Crider.

Warning for R-rated language in most of these scenes.

http://www.authorcdavis.com
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::328
They Sure Are SUPER GROOVY & Really FAR OUT! In A WACKY Way........... P.s & Thanks For Uploading This Video................ Video Detective :)
2854 8 0 0 1
A Very Brady Sequel Trailer 1996
Director: Arlene Sanford
Starring: Barbara Eden, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Gary Cole, Shelley Long, Tim Matheson, Zsa Zsa Gabor

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

On a groovy trip to Hawaii, the Bradys get a surprise when Mrs. Brady's long lost first husband shows up...and attempts to 'divide and conquer' the family.

Movie, A Very Brady Sequel Movie,A Very Brady Sequel Trailer,A Very Brady Sequel 1996, Arlene Sanford,Barbara Eden, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Gary Cole, Shelley Long, Tim Matheson, Zsa Zsa Gabor
PT2M2S
sd
MovieID::::329
Rip Paul Turner
Thanks for uploading, trying to learn. Seems you have a lot of resources on this channel.
I had to watch this in Welsh in ysgol, and my teacher luckily skipped the rude parts but I came back because I love Welsh movies
Age restriction is key for this
Diolch yn fawr iawn!
thank you so much! amazing film!
Do you know if it's possible to find the 1967 film called 'cofio Hedd Wyn'?
20:43 OMG you can actually see his Quasar Saber!
trying to find a Welsh film or film based in Wales with French subtitles. We are promoting Wales as part of the cine around the world in Belgium. Film will be shown in the community centre and followed by typical foods from Wales can you help please. Many Thanks
Pryd gafodd y ffilm yma ei gwneud?
34155 130 5 0 18
Hedd Wyn - y ffilm i gyd gydag is-deitlau Saesneg

The whole film with English subtitles

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hedd_Wyn
PT26M6S
sd
MovieID::::330
The Kinks : Strange Effect
or, is hated, because her morals are elastic and allow her to sleep with various lovers, without having a relationship with them. So she becomes the hunter and not the victim(the classical position of the woman until now), which is sth that bothers and frightens men. Don´t forget that this movie belongs in the series of 6 moral stories
... or it's a film about a young woman who is hated by the men she meets because she looks really hot when she walks around in a tiny bikini ...
Not really a "romantic comedy" - more a Socratic enquiry into the nature of desire (like most of Rohmer's films) ...
Believe it or not when this film came out it played in one small movie theater in Paris for an entire year straight !  It drew enough of an audience to support that one theater for an entire year.
142398 370 7 0 7
A gorgeous classic French romantic comedy.

Adrien goes to a villa on the Mediterranean. He is in vacation, and wants to do absolutely nothing. He has to share the villa with a friend, Daniel, and an unknown young girl, Haydee. Haydee has a lot of lovers, and at first, Adrien and Daniel despites her. But Adrien will be more and more attracted by her.



Directed by: Eric Rohmer

Starring: Patrick Bauchau, Haydée Politoff, Daniel Pommereulle, Mijanou Bardot

For collaborations and business inquiries, please contact via Channel Pages: http://ChannelPages.com/thecultbox
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::331
hetenkrempel.............
3781 1 2 0 1
Diese unbändige Kraft ist wirklich beeindruckend !!!
PT1M25S
sd
MovieID::::332
Amo este filme. Parabéns Manoel de Oliveira, 104 maravilhas!
8163 16 0 0 1
O Convento (1995)
Director: Manoel de Oliveira
PT1M40S
sd
MovieID::::333
I love this film
The boy from new york city & daddy cool daddy cool by Darts in the 70s
what's the name of the song I love that song
6922 37 1 0 6
Stonewall Trailer 1996
Director: Nigel Finch
Starring: Guillermo Diaz, Frederick Weller, Duane Boutte, Brendan Corbalis, Bruce MacVittie,

Official Content From BMG

A hustler moves to New York's Greenwich Village to find himself but instead finds love with a transvestite named Lamiranda, who is obsessed with the attitudes of the local police, and an absolute belief that one man can make a difference.

Movie, Stonewall Movie,Stonewall Trailer,Stonewall 1996, Nigel Finch,Guillermo Diaz, Frederick Weller, Duane Boutte, Brendan Corbalis, Bruce MacVittie,
PT1M27S
sd
MovieID::::334
Man too funny
HORRIBLE!!! FK YO FEELINGS!!!
Love This Movie!! It doesn't come on demand on Time Warner any more for some reason
11750 61 3 0 3
Phat Beach Trailer 1996
Director: Doug Ellin
Starring: Jermaine Hopkins,  Coolio, Brian Hooks, Gregg Vance, Claudia Kaleem, Eric Fleeks

Official Content From Live Home Video

Life ain't nothing but a G-string for hefty homeboy Benny King. When his folks leave town, Benny and his terminally suave buddy borrow pop's Mercedes convertible and take a ride through the land of sun and fun.

Movie, Phat Beach Movie,Phat Beach Trailer,Phat Beach 1996, Doug Ellin,Jermaine Hopkins,  Coolio, Brian Hooks, Gregg Vance, Claudia Kaleem, Eric Fleeks
PT2M12S
sd
MovieID::::335
I don't know what is it about this movie. I know it's crappy movie, it's a horribly bad made movie obviously. But I like it. Never fully understood why. Who else is in this position?
I never seen this video. It looks so fun to watch.
This is beautiful.
i was like in 5th grade when i saw this movie in Vhs and the naked girls get mi Horny!
Fun characters, cool visuals, decent acting. Considering how terrible horror movies can get, this one really is not bad.
The first 'Tales From The Crypt' Movie, "Demon Knight" was weird, gross and scary, The Second, "Bordello Of Blood" was a Real SCREAM!! - Funny as hell - would love to see a third installment, maybe with the crypt keeper as one of the players in the main film instead of just the host.
My first rated R movie as a kid.
I know that as soon as I saw this that I would like it - what with my love of vampires and all and I was right. Also i'd let Lillith bite me.
I remember sneaking down to watch my first R rated Horror movie with my older brother and cousin. I was 5 years old, and I've been looking for the name of the movie for years. Well I finally found it! Bordello Of Blood! This movie is what started my love for Horror and perhaps my love for red heads as well! hahahaha It's super corny looking but I'm giving it another watch ASAP.
I thought this movie was the best when I was 6 years old watching it with my grandparents and it was the first time I saw a naked girl hahaha
saw it on youtube, saved it, deleted it, now I want it back.  Dang!
'Cause I like to refer Castlevania from its Japanese name.
Why didn't you just say Castlevania?
I guess you could call this Akumajou Dracula (Castlevania) meets From Dusk Till Dawn.
You got that right
This is real vampire shit. Twilight has nothing on it.
144717 189 19 0 31
A vampire movie by Tales from the Crypt
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::336
Been looking for this for years
terrence howard(whoop that trick) and bob stookey lol
Lottoland extremely expensive and with impossible odds. Lottoland is $10 per game, while the chance of winning is about one in 300 millions. All your family within this century can bet their entire life and never come close to winning.
This is a great movie. Wonderful music by one of the main characters.
Great spend time. This ain't a Hollywood movie but a real life story by realistic acting people.
8295 17 1 0 4
Hanks Stokes, a young African-American man from Brooklyn, graduates from high school to a job stocking shelves in a liquor store. Most of his friends, however, have graduated to the instant financial gratification of petty drug dealing. Hank yearns to escape his neighborhood and spends his entire savings on lottery tickets hoping to win the $27 Million Dollar Jackpot. His dad, Milt, doesn't set much of an example--working a brain-numbing job at the phone company and soothing the ache of a ruined marriage and a dead-end career as a musician with his constant companion--a bottle of whiskey. Hank seeks his comfort through Joy, his Latina girlfriend, who has her eyes set on the future. As their romance grows--another begins. Hank's father and Florence, Joy's adoptive mother, struggle to deal with their rapidly changing children. In doing so, they find themselves seeing each other in new ways. Their relationship is warm, cautious, and based on the surprise of mutual respect.               Produced by  Carlos Hernandez (III), John Rubino, Michael J. Rubino     Directed by John Rubino  1995
PT10M1S
sd
MovieID::::337
3503 12 0 0 0
The Big Squeeze Trailer 1996
Director: Marcus De Leon
Starring: Lara Flynn Boyle, Luca Bercovici, Michael Chieffo, Peter Dobson, Danny Nucci, Bert Santos

Official Content From BMG

A crooked scheme blossoms into a funny, sexy tangle of love, redemption, and miracles that unexpectedly transform four lives and one run down neighborhood.

Movie, The Big Squeeze Movie,The Big Squeeze Trailer,The Big Squeeze 1996, Marcus De Leon,Lara Flynn Boyle, Luca Bercovici, Michael Chieffo, Peter Dobson, Danny Nucci, Bert Santos
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::338
Best film ever!
Would like to see the edited parts
..

SMILEY in SHERWOOD COURT
I'm also here because of Bob's burgers lmao
I'm here because of Bob's Burgers. Top 5 Don Johnson movie
79568 82 17 0 5
From the writer of "Bull Durham" and "White Men Can't Jump" comes this romantic comedy starring Academy Award-winner Kevin Costner ("Dances with Wolves,") and Rene Russo ("Get Shorty," "Outbreak"). Costner is a driving range pro and golf hustler whose legendary ball-striking skills are matched only by his self-destructive and low-life charm. His comfortable life of failure is turned upside down when he's smitten with a woman who comes in for golf lessons, and he sets out to qualify for the U.S. Open to prove to himself (and to her) that he's capable of heroic achievement. Co-starring Don Johnson and Cheech Marin. #Trailer #WB
PT1M53S
sd
MovieID::::339
Subtitles are wrong. For example, Miles said first; "I been to lot of sample places."
a masterpiece beyond masterpieces !!!
Fantastic Film.  We show this Film at  December, 26 , 2019 at  the "Kinowerkstatt St. Ingbert" with german subtitles.
Look at https://jazzimfilm.de
This is sort of the microcosm to the macrocosm on how Miles came and thrilled anyone with an open mind and left us. Damn
I wonder how they convinced Miles Davis to appear in this film. Given it's his first and only appearance in a film.
This is one of the most memorable films I have ever seen. Watched it many times.
This is a must see movie ... for jazz buffs and Aussie slice'o'life  enthusiasts alike
I pray someone puts put a remastered copy of this in the States one day.
he's 74 in this!
18951 103 2 0 12
Available on DVD through www.umbrellaent.com.au

Buy it here:  http://www.umbrellaent.com.au/p-1764-dingo.aspx

Late jazz great Miles Davis made his only acting appearance in this film about a jazz trumpeter who dares to realize his musical dreams in the Australian outback. Dingo stars Colin Friels as John "Dingo" Anderson, a part-time musician and dingo trapper living in the bush who, after seeing his hero, legendary trumpeter Billy Cross (Miles Davis) on tour, longs to travel to Paris and play with the finest American jazz musicians. Frustrated by playing half-rate music in dusty dancehalls, John's dream is compromised by his love for his new family. Dingo must now decide whether he to make the supreme sacrifice for his music. Featuring a stunning, award-winning Miles Davis soundtrack (one of Davis' last recordings before his death), Dingo is directors Rolf de Heer's (Bad Boy Bubby, The Tracker) cinematic ode to the power of music.
PT3M49S
sd
MovieID::::340
amazing film
Recently im a Asian film fanatic. This film is one of the best i have watched. its a pure social horror film if this genre ever exist.
Masterpiece!
dawno temu bylem w kinie na tym swietnym filmie .
Nice muic! Does anybody have a link for downloading it or even just hear it? Thank you.
I saw the 1958 film yesterday that this one is a remake of. From the look of this and another trailer I'd say that I will stick with the older one (which is deliberately stylized and 'unnatural' in the ways of Japanese theatre). The choice of a Western piano and symphonic score alone deters me from this one, it simply seems not to fit the setting here.
Hi! The link to get the DVD is in the description. It's a great movie and the DVD is suitable for all regions. We ship worldwide too. :)
i read the book ,,, where can I watch this movie




In the north, the story is that old people are set on ice floes to die. That idea came from a novel written in the 1950s, "Top of the World " by Hans Ruesch. It became a film and that made it "true," I guess! LOL. The mummified 111 year-old man was discovered when authorities showed up to wish him happy birthday. Oops!

Yes, I'm fascinated by Japanese history/culture, from Hokusai to Tora-San. I have the same birthday as Toshiro Mifune and saw him in a parade - in San Francisco!

It's a cautionary folklore thing, actually. I tried to research the practice - called Ubasute - a few years ago and didn't come up with much. It's probably a story to make Japanese children respect their elderly who, in theory, are honored. If I were elderly, this story would scare the crap out of me, especially after a 2010 scandal; hundreds of centenarians turned out to be missing. An 111 year-old man turned out to've been dead for 30 years, his remains mummified, his pension still being used.
great picture!
It's about sacrifice.
120078 172 16 0 14
Available on DVD via Umbrella Entertainment: www.umbrellaent.com.au/coming-soon/4171-ballad-of-narayama-the-world-classics-collection.html

From two-time Palme d'Or-winning director Shohei Imamura comes an unforgettable human drama and a milestone in Japanese Cinema. The Ballad of Narayama is a brutal and haunting meditation on the nature of life, sex and death.

Over 100 years ago in a small village in a remote valley, everyone who reaches the age of 70 is banished to the top of a mountain to die. Old Orin (Sumiko Sakamoto) has her family's affairs to take care of before she too must go.  Orin seeks a new wife for her widowed eldest son Tatsuhei (Ken Ogata, Mishima, The Pillow Book), she tries to help her runtish second son lose his virginity and to take her brattish eldest grandson - who cavorts with the young women of the village - down several pegs. When it comes time for Orin to depart, tradition demands that Tatsuhei carry her up the mountain on his back in silence.

With exquisite cinematography and captivating performances, this universally acclaimed masterpiece is confronting, erotic and awe-inspiring.
PT2M32S
sd
MovieID::::341
<HttpError 403 when requesting https://www.googleapis.com/youtube/v3/commentThreads?part=snippet&maxResults=100&videoId=PCSpol_TJ7k&textFormat=plainText&key=AIzaSyAEoOSkG60fa3h09UdNPV0rIcavVMHj3tQ&alt=json returned "Daily Limit Exceeded. The quota will be reset at midnight Pacific Time (PT). You may monitor your quota usage and adjust limits in the API Console: https://console.developers.google.com/apis/api/youtube.googleapis.com/quotas?project=982405192898">
MovieID::::342
So this film is basically an adaptation of the original graphic novel by Ralf Konig, combined with its sequel, "Maybe Maybe Not Again"? I'm saying this because the baby scene doesn't happen until the aforementioned sequel. Also, seems this film may have a happier ending. In the books Axel was a real jerk with almost no redeeming qualities other than his good looks. And by the end of both books Axel treated his poor friend like garbage and alienated him from his life.
5421 16 1 0 1
Maybe, Maybe Not Trailer 1997
Director: Soenke Wortmann
Starring: Til Schweiger, Katja Riemann, Joachim Krol, Rufus Beck, Armin Rohde, Antonia Lang

Official Content From Live Home Video



Movie, Maybe, Maybe Not Movie,Maybe, Maybe Not Trailer,Maybe, Maybe Not 1997, Soenke Wortmann,Til Schweiger, Katja Riemann, Joachim Krol, Rufus Beck, Armin Rohde, Antonia Lang
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::343
17249 14 10 0 1
Jack (Tom Noona) and Rita (Julie Hagerty) are husband-and-wife therapists, trapped in a fragile marriage and sharing a practice out of their remote Vermont farmhouse. One night, a patient, Cosmo (Wallace Shawn), unexpectedly drops by for dinner with his outrageously candid wife, Arlie (Karen Young), who wants to know what secrets her husband is sharing with Jack and Rita. What follows is a delirious evening of shattering revelations, as each couple is forced to confront the fault lines in their own relationships.
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::344
So in order not to put off the American audience with Glaswegian accents, you don't hear any of the characters speak?
There was another British trailer, I remember it being on a VHS tape of another film I had when I was young. Cant find it anywhere.
A wee gem of a movie.
A very young Laura Fraser there at 0:55 and again at 1:16
The New York Post rates films out of four stars instead of the usual five for some reason, so three and a half is actually quite good. I'm guessing this is a US trailer judging by the reviewing papers and the amount of shite the voice over's spouting.
GET THE BOOKS IN THE BAG!
Come and see yer Uncle Charlie!
"for possession of a young boys soul"
"a three and a half star film" ahaha come on mate at least try and sell the film
0.54 thats my dads old car, spent many years being drivin around in that car when i was younger!
three and a half stars lol, tht didnt sound rite
Scotland made so much good stuff in the mid 90s :)
21311 44 1 0 11
Brought to you by: The Iain Robertson Community - http://community.livejournal.com/iainrobertfans/



I do not own ANYTHING. THIS IS FOR ENTERTAINMENT ONLY
PT1M32S
sd
MovieID::::345
15171 5 1 0 0
Bound Trailer 1996
Director: Wachowski Brothers
Starring: Gina Gershon, Jennifer Tilly, Joe Pantoliano, John P. Ryan, Richard C. Sarafian, Christopher Meloni

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

A mobster, his mistress, and a tough female ex-con are caught in a dangerous triangle of seduction, betrayal...and $2 million of the Mafia's money! Stylish, tightly plotted tale.

Movie, Bound Movie,Bound Trailer,Bound 1996, Wachowski Brothers,Gina Gershon, Jennifer Tilly, Joe Pantoliano, John P. Ryan, Richard C. Sarafian, Christopher Meloni
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::346
i love mark sheppard he's amazing
can you please post the whole thing?
i cant find this movie anywhere!!!!
I'm surprised nobody's thought to convert the tape to dvd, then upload it.
can you upload the scenes adam baldwin is in?
I managed to get the dvd but its in german I want to cry
I really wanted to download this movie!
5036 34 1 0 7
Mark's scenes in the 1996 film "Lover's Knot".
A silly little film, I enjoyed it as a whole more than I thought I would. Mark is definitely the highlight of it, though. He is absolutely hilarious.

Apologies for the quality, I only have VHS to work with. Recorded off of my TV using my camera, as it's not been released on region one DVD.
PT8M3S
sd
MovieID::::347
This movie sucked !  Daymon Wayans should stick to just comedy and Adam Sandler should stick to....whatever the hell he actually does.
Available on videocasette! God i miss those days :'(.
I've got a VCR and I've got a lot of tape
Memories Yo!
@MattTerryAccount Hells yea it does, it even shows (deleted) scenes i've never seen b4.
this trailer gives away way too much of the movie
@drouinrapsanger87 whats a floppy disk?
whats a  videocassette?
"Available on videocassette"



high tech
Don't dis the videocassette, the "Ring" video was on videocassette.
hey, you know how i can tell this is a porno from the 70's.. the guy's dick has sideburns!
@TafTabTah   Alot of those movies are 90's   The best years were the 80's!!!   Terminator part one was better than any of them   Fight Club was over rated,   true lies was ok...Fifth Element was just B-O-R-I-N-G... Braveheart was good BUT TO LONG!!! Saving Private Ryan was a good movie to bad Vin Diesel had a Short Role...and died early in the movie.  Tombstone, Schindlers List Forrest Gump were good flicks....  But the 80's Still Rule Any Generation!  Best Actors are from the 80's!
80´s and 90´s were the best,not like the shit they have now
These guys look the same after 15 yrs!!!!
Disneyland... :D
does anyone who saw the film knows what is the title of that hip hop song that goes on the end credits??? its was great, im searching for it
Forgot MAD MAX Seiries!!  with  Mel Giboson!!   Lets not forget the Beast Master!    with Marc Singer Tanya Roberts & Rip Torn
FUCK THE 90'S!!!



its all about the 80's Movies!!!    Hollywood Best Stars!  of the 80's!

Arnold Schwarzenegger    Terminator, Predator,   The Running Man,



Sylvester Stallone    Rocky,  Rambo,

Mel Gibson   Lethal Weapon Series,

Brue Willis   Die Hard,

Eddie Murphy  Beverly Hills Cop,  Another 48 Hours,

Tom Hanks   Splash!!  Big, Turner & Hooch

Jack Nicholson     The Shining,



Should i keep going???




@stephenng9 so true. haha.. this trailer is actually pretty horrible also, i'm satisfied living in 2011 where we have youtube, and GOOD movies in HD ;)
dam, 10 year olds now a days probably dont even no what a cassete was,,,,,,,
FUCK THIS TIME.BRING THE 90s BACK
Where the hell to find a cassette player?
nothing like the movies from the 90's. =D
1:50/2:07  WILL YOU SHUT UP   SHUT THE HELL UP!!! ......You Will Always Be My BodyGuard ....You Know That
is james caan in that film
Peter 'Optimus Prime' doing the voice over.
is this a good movie? just bought it on vhs for 50 cents lol
love this movie!
can you give more info BlacksheepV8drift maybe i can help
where can I find the bso plz it has a track I really like, but I dunno whats the group.
258538 177 19 0 34
Bulletproof movie trailer 1996 with Aadam sandler and Daymon Wayans
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::348
I saw a print of this in 1978 where the sound was practically Hi-Fi! I wonder if there was a re-dubbed version(Luis Trenker re-dubbed at least one of his films, and the Soviets did it all the time)?
2817 12 0 0 1
Magda Schneider in Max Ophuls' "Liebelei" (1933) sings Brahms' "Schwesterlein".
PT1M48S
sd
MovieID::::349
It didn't win the Pullitzer prize. It could have, it had all the votes of the jury, but some bigwig blocked it because apparantly it was "offensive". Not quite sure which part, but the result remained the same.
Of the three stars which one appears to be acting?
Why are Bergmans eyes phosphorescent ?
Time marches on
Insert Metallica Song here
Great actors. And among them,our great Greek,Katina Paxinou!
0:34 "Heart _rendering_?" Hilarious!
I'm halfway through the novel and this just wrecked it
ugh why'd they make Maria white...
Omg it's Optimus Prime!!!
got the dvd chster 1 and 11 faulty...
my little rabbit...
just bought the filim but finishing the book first nearly halfway through it.
I just finished the book. Way better than the movie!
40239 76 7 0 20
For Whom The Bell Tolls Trailer 1943
Director: Sam Wood
Starring: Akim Tamiroff, Gary Cooper, Ingrid Bergman, Joseph Calleia, Katina Paxinou, Vladimir Sokoloff

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

Ernest Hemingway story of a U.S. mercenary fighting with a group of misfits against fascism in Spain. Paxinou won Oscar for Best Supporting Actress.

Movie, For Whom The Bell Tolls Movie,For Whom The Bell Tolls Trailer,For Whom The Bell Tolls 1943, Sam Wood,Akim Tamiroff, Gary Cooper, Ingrid Bergman, Joseph Calleia, Katina Paxinou, Vladimir Sokoloff
PT2M14S
sd
MovieID::::350
Philadelphia heiress Tracy Lord throws out her playboy husband C.K. Dexter Haven shortly after their marriage. Two years later, Tracy is about to marry respectable George Kittredge whilst Dexter has been working for "Spy" magazine. Dexter arrives at the Lord's mansion the day before the wedding with journalist Mike Connor and photographer Liz Imbrie, determined to spoil things.
Resolution: 720p
(C) This trailer is copyright the respective owner.
PT3M32S
hd
MovieID::::351
23866 52 2 0 0
An American in Paris (1951) - trailer. Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.

60 years after it swept the Oscars, Minnelli's dazzling dance extravaganza returns to the screen with a new digitally restored print.

Gene Kelly is at his toe-tapping best as Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who dreams of finding success as an artist.  A chance encounter with shopgirl Lise (Leslie Caron), however, throws his life into a whirlwind of romantic roundabouts.  Featuring the uplifting number, 'I Got Rhythm', and a spectacular ballet finale played out to Gershwin's titular score, An American in Paris remains one of the finest examples of the musical form.

For more information, screening dates and venues visit: http://www.bfi.org.uk/whatson/node/22863

Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute
Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT3M37S
sd
MovieID::::352
Oh, Audrey Hepburn is such a good dancer!!!!!
i had a marvelous time
48200 131 4 0 2

PT2M23S
sd
MovieID::::353
My second all-time favourite film after "Lawrence of Arabia". Has not aged one bit. As for Bernard Herrmann's brilliant music score, what can one say except that it transcends time.
Dan...I am always a lil leery about film critics...but you and I must be of the same cloth...I have only watched two of your reviews and know we would have a great time over coffee or a martini discussing Hitch and his actors...keep up the encouraging reviews!
I think this is possibly by favorite Hitchcock film. Either this or The Thirty-Nine Steps (1935).
Double bill.. Vertigo and Brokeback Mountain. Trust me.
Gets BETTER on repeated viewings. Kim Novak's presence is amazing.
Both :)
Just showed this to my friend the other day. He loved it.
He's 18.
One of my most loved movie.
14025 65 2 0 8
"Hitchcock's masterpiece to date and one of the four or five most profound and beautiful films the cinema has yet given us". That was critic Robin Wood's astute 1968 evaluation ten years after Alfred Hitchcock's final collaboration with James Stewart had been released to indifferent box office and unappreciative reviews. Tragic, obsessive and backed by an unforgettable Bernard Herrmann score, it's one of the director's most mesmerizing accomplishments. It knocked Citizen Kane off its nearly 50 year perch as the #1 picture of all time in the 2012 Sight and Sound decade poll of critics and filmmakers.
PT2M43S
hd
MovieID::::354
GReat play by Mr. Patrick Hamilton. This is not a remake, this is just another implementation. Actors and actresses was unparalleled strong here. Big classic.
much worse than a put down
saw this in the theatre tonight, so good
What a movie. I have replayed starting at 1:06 about a hundred times. "Because I am mad"     WOW

There's many Sergis Bowers who come in colour!
The Pirate Bay or Bitsnoop. Google them.
An odd choice, to show the final scene in the trailer!

To me, the interesting thing about this movie is that the story (which was originally titled "Angel Street") is a quintessentially an English, London crime/suspense tale, but the main characters are French, Swedish, and American (since Joseph Cotten was apparently unable to pull off a British accent).
you can rent it on amazon for a couple of dollars :)

great upload!
This Was A Great Film! Love Ingrid
Haven't seen this version, the one I watched recently starred Anton Walbrook and Diana Wyntard. It was pretty good.
Thank you for telling me.

Check out my rendition of Anastasia (1956) and Time Machine (1960)!
I mean, I suppose it's fair to analyze "Gaslight" from a feminist perspective, but I think you're going overboard with your interpretation. Essentially, it's a horror story about a psychopath-victim relationship. Of course, not all men are psychopaths.
It's actually based on a play.
Nobody noticed because that's not what this film is about. Look up the term "gaslighting" on Wikipedia because you don't know what it means.
Apparently, it's not unattainable if celebrities are able to attain it.
I didn't know until today that this is a remake of a British film that I saw for the first time on Film4 thus afternoon!
I absolutely loved this movie!
Angela Lansbury's first film... great movie!
Starting from 0:42 I just noticed Ingrid looks like Nicole Kidman...

btw, I really want to watch this movie, it seems epic..^^
One of my favorite movies ever.
I've read about this movie so many times. I just HAVE to see it!

Thanks for the upload.
56160 102 8 0 23
Dir. George Cukor
Stars: Charles Boyer, Ingrid Bergman, Joseph Cotten, Angela Lansbury

Years after her aunt was murdered in her home, a young woman moves back into the house with her new husband. However, he has a secret that he will do anything to protect, even if it means driving his wife insane. (IMDB)

En la Inglaterra victoriana, una famosa cantante de ópera es asesinada. Su joven sobrina, que vivía con ella, es enviada a Italia, y el caso queda sin resolver. Allí estudia canto y se casa con el pianista acompañante de su profesor. Tras la luna de miel, la pareja se establece en la antigua casa de la cantante asesinada, donde la joven comienza a oír extraños e inexplicables ruidos mientras la luz de gas baja de intensidad. (FILMAFFINITY)

BLOG: https://abucketofmovies.blogspot.com/
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::355
This movie is awesome! I watched it and it felt like I  finished a novel. Even though cheesy, but in a classic way, which also means basically awesome:). Vertigo is a tough one though...
Really this movie is 60 years old.
this is a very entertaining film
soap opera effect
Great trailer for a new generation. It got me excited to see it!
Very, very well done!
Trailer make Cary Grant look like a really bad actor, the way he deliver his lines.
Excellent Work :)
35733 92 3 0 11
An advertising man, Roger O. Thornhill, is mistaken for a spy, triggering a deadly cross-country chase across America. A Hitchcock classic.
Resolution: 720p
(C) This trailer is copyright the respective owner.
PT2M52S
hd
MovieID::::356
One of my favourite movies wonderful x
The movie is certainly not a comedy.

It's a strong social critique, a criticism of inhuman capitalism, with all the cynical, disgusting "Mr. Sheldrakes" (There are nicer. A famous one in England, for example:-) and as such up to date.

We shall be soldiers of the rich. As such, we are allowed to work and die for their luxury lives.

But we should dare to be deserters, without fear of the consequences.
I like what Jack said about Billy’s ability to find the faults in the characters. Too many characters are criticized by audiences for being faulty, making bad decisions, but that’s what makes us human. C.C. and Fran wear their flaws like the clothes on their backs and it leaves a greater emotional reaction because of it.
My favorite movie of all time.  Perfection across the board.  They simply cannot make movies like that anymore, which is okay by me, as it just makes this and other classics that much better.
The Apartment was the first  movie that I began as a youthful viewer to realize the subtleties movies are capable of.
Loved the movie. 60's were great.  Hollywood has gone to hell today.  :o(
It does have funny moments though; I agree with those who label it a comedy-drama. Got a well-deserved Oscar win for Best Picture.  Interesting bit of trivia:  Shirley Maclaine has been in 3 movies that won Best Picture.  Pretty small group of actors that can boast this.
Yes, it has serious themes, but it's also very funny, so I would call it a comedy-drama
[Spoilers ahead!]



THE APARTMENT may be serious in several scenes, but there's a lot more humour in it. That and the fact that it has a happy ending indicate that it's a comedy.
The Apartment hasn't dated at all. A testament to Wilder's and Diamond's script. Timeless.
Well put buddy boy.
Jack is the most appropriate actor to play the role of CC Baxter in this great movie. He should have won the 1960 Oscar Best Actor for this movie instead of in "Save the Tiger" many years later.
THIS IS, OBVIOUSLY, MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME, SAW IT AS A CHILD AND IT STUCK WITH ME, WATCH IT EVERY YEAR BETWEEN CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR, A BIG PART OF MY LIFE THIS MOVIE,HARD TO FIND OTHER WORDS TO SAY..GOD BLESS JACK
Both Lemmon and Maclaine should have won Academy Awards for The Apartment for their exemplary work.
it's one of my favorite movies without a doubt.
The Apartment's probably my favourite romantic film ever...love it.
Genius, I miss him
Jack, the greatest!
love that movie...
we miss you jack
i thought the whole part of the film with shirley recovering after her suicide attempt was kinda slow....but i guess thats not sumthin u bounce back from in a day
i'd classify it as a great film personally. go see it if you haven't and hollywood please don't remake it.
24693 148 5 0 30
Jack Lemmon talks about the classic film THE APARTMENT, directed by Billy Wilder. THE APARTMENT ranks #80 on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movies list.



AFI FACEBOOK APP:

http://apps.facebook.com/afiytapp/



CONNECT WITH AFI:

http://twitter.com/AmericanFilm

http://AFI.com/members

http://facebook.com/AmericanFilmInstitute
PT1M7S
sd
MovieID::::357
The best musical (Move)
20641 23 4 0 1
My Fair Lady is now more “lovelier” than ever with a breathtaking new restoration playing in cinemas nationwide for a limited time only.  In honor of its 50th Anniversary, this eight time OSCAR winning musical has been restored frame-by-frame from the original 65mm negative and scanned utilizing start-of-the-art technology under the supervision of Robert Harris (the famed film historian).

Audrey Hepburn has never looked more radiant than as Eliza Doolittle who finds herself at the center of a friendly wager between Professor Henry Higgins (Rex Harrison) and his companion, Colonel Pickering (Wilfred Hyde-White). Can this disheveled, cockney flower girl find her voice and blossom into a proper lady presentable in high society?  Performance, style and sweet spirit…plus an unforgettable score… have made My Fair Lady one of the greatest musicals in film history and a beloved and timeless classic that begs to be experienced on the big screen.

GET TICKETS NOW: http://www.goodrichqualitytheaters.com/movie-detail/?movieId=8010
PT1M1S
hd
MovieID::::358
I'm Made The Grayscale And Black & White And Technicolor With The Wizard Of Oz  (1939) Teaser (VHS Capture)
This is a ad for that vhs and dvd
41604 48 3 0 4
Teaser for The Wizard of Oz (1939) captured from the Gremlins (1984) VHS tape.
PT27S
sd
MovieID::::359
Thank you for posting this,. Really appreciate it!  I've been blogging about GWTW, and was looking for some perspectives on it. This is good. "Unlocks the fantasy part of your brain" with the visual style ... Yes, helpful.
Scorsese is not at his best when commenting on GWTW.
Martin Scorsese on  MACBETH: "It smacks of the 16th century … in a way … uh … Shakespearean melodrama almost …."
Wonderful to hear his views on Gone With The Wind. Thank you AFI.
@DestinyKnightX my thoughts and feelings exactly
Despite how poorly the stereotypes seem today, I think the film has otherwised aged well and is a great story and melodrama.
Marty(cause we cool like that) is a boss! Great upload,
20945 87 5 0 9
Director Martin Scorsese discusses how GONE WITH THE WIND was the highlight of the commercial studio system, the complex characters and producer David O. Selznick's impact on the film. GONE WITH THE WIND premiered in Atlanta, Georgia on December 15, 1939, and was re-released every several years in the United States up until 1998.



Connect with us:

http://www.facebook.com/AmericanFilmInstitute

http://www.facebook.com/AFIFEST

@AmericanFilm

@AFIFest

http://afi-afifest.tumblr.com/
PT1M23S
sd
MovieID::::360
This movie is a forgotten gem.  Peter O'Toole was robbed of an Academy Award.  Too bad Gandhi was such a sacred cow.  In 1954, I learned to read and it is also my favorite year.
RIP Peter <3
Quite simply the best movie ever made.
14189 55 1 0 4
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

My Favorite Year Trailer - Directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Peter O'Toole, Mark Linn-Baker, Joseph Bologna, Bill Macy, Basil Hoffman. Benjy Stone is the junior writer on the top rated variety/comedy show, in the mid 50s (the early years). Alan Swann, an Erol Flynn type actor with a drinking problem is to be that weeks guest star.

MGM - 1982
PT2M36S
sd
MovieID::::361
Norma's kind of like Miss Havisham from Great Expectations. Norma needed an understudy.
i find this a bit spoiler-ish
All they had to do was increase Norma's thorazine dosage....... by a LOT.......
great movie , very haunting and sad
If you like this movie, you should see the movie, "All About Eve," released in the same year (1950). It is another classic. I think I like it better than "Sunset Boulevard"
This cunt just gave away the ending good thing ive already seen it
This film is sooo marvelous! I don't even know how to describe it, but it's amazing. Billy Wilder is one of my favourite directors, he was great. Gloria Swanson shines like Norma Desmond, fabulous and I also love William Holden, he never fails.
Gloria Swanson was so great in this.
24371 180 3 0 9
A. O. Scott looks back at Billy Wilder's classic meditation on celebrity and Hollywood.

Related Article: http://nyti.ms/a2mUiC

Subscribe to the Times Video newsletter for free and get a handpicked selection of the best videos from The New York Times every week: http://bit.ly/timesvideonewsletter

Subscribe on YouTube: http://bit.ly/U8Ys7n

Watch more videos at: http://nytimes.com/video

---------------------------------------------------------------

Want more from The New York Times?

Twitter: https://twitter.com/nytvideo

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nytimes

Google+: https://plus.google.com/+nytimes/

Whether it's reporting on conflicts abroad and political divisions at home, or covering the latest style trends and scientific developments, New York Times video journalists provide a revealing and unforgettable view of the world. It's all the news that's fit to watch. On YouTube.

'Sunset Boulevard' | Critics' Picks | The New York Times
http://www.youtube.com/user/TheNewYorkTimes
PT2M51S
sd
MovieID::::362
Every filmmaker about to make their first film should look to Citizen Kane as inspiration.
Best film of all time. Period. No one is even close....
These are the same dudes that think that Toy Story deserves a spot on their list above Heat or Full Metal Jacket, American History X etc.
I thought Caddyshack would've been no. 1 actually...
Uh....I guess you people have never seen SPIDERMAN vs SUPERMAN vs BATMAN XXXIV: This Time its PERSONAL
So when AFI does there top 100 list update next year, will this be no. 1 again?
How old is this video?
7328 125 1 0 17
Filmmakers and actors discuss their passion and admiration for CITIZE KANE, the greatest American film of all time.

In order of appearance:

1. William Friedkin
2. Laurence Fishburne
3. Norman Jewison
4. Richard Dreyfuss
5. Sydney Pollack
6. Kevin Spacey
7. Peter Bogdanovich
8. Debbie Reynolds
9. Steven Spielberg
10. Martin Scorsese

Subscribe to this channel for more exclusive videos from the AFI Archive:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmO_WjaWDwimv8Kl7GHFxAA?sub_confirmation=1

https://www.facebook.com/AmericanFilm...
https://twitter.com/AmericanFilm
https://instagram.com/americanfilmins...
http://americanfilminstitute.tumblr.com
http://www.afi.com
PT3M12S
sd
MovieID::::363
In 1977, NBC shouldve promoted it like this: "You've seen Star Wars, NOW see the special effects film masterpiece that not only have birth to Star Wars, it outside it before it was conceived! With hot stars Keir Dullea and Gary Lockwood, whose names you do not know, but then that's how Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford got started! Soon to be a series that will beat the hell out of Space 1999 (we hope!)"
For the first time ever! See 2001: A Space Odyssey on the most frustrating way ever! On a TV screen.
Watch your parents fall asleep on the couch, endure your hyperactive cousin crying this movie is boring, and the best of all: this special tv cut feature commercials! Yeah! Tons of commercials!
NBC promo for 2001: A Space Odyssey, announced by Fred Collins!!!
Shown on the NBC BIG EVENT,Sunday,February 13,1977! I first saw at,Showcase Cinema 2,October 8,1968,$2.00.Reserved Seat Engagement,Worcester,Mass.Redstone Theater Chain.
Before VCR's...I actually recorded this movie onto several audio cassettes by putting a microphone up to the TV speaker. It was silly playing it back as it was mostly silences and very little dialogue. But those were the days.
I had to miss part of it because my parents wanted to watch something else. took me until I was 24 to see the whole show
i still have the daily news tv guide ad for this airing.
Whatta a trip.  Thanks for posting it. That was BIG...:-)
On the heels of their successful "BIG EVENT" presentation of "Gone With the Wind" in November 1976, NBC made a similar deal with MGM to bring this to TV, in another "one time only" presentation. However, it was telecast in "standard ratio" format {"pan and scan'"}. And It wasn't quite the "ratings phenomenon" that "Gone With the Wind" was- but NBC needed ANY ratings success to offset their faltering prime-time schedule that season.
NBC BIG EVENT!
20870 50 5 0 16
a February 1977 NBC promo for the network debut of Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece "2001: A Space Odyssey"
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::364
Gypsy, tell my fortune... Golden Earrings MDRM
I also liked the way Murvyn Vye sang this song in the movie Golden Earrings.
Hello back to your father, and thanks for checking out this vintage Peggy Lee 78 record...Friends, Lloyd.
5798 39 2 0 6
Capitol record# 15009.    Flip-side is "I'll Dance At Your Wedding".



Golden Earrings is a 1947 romantic spy movie made by Paramount Pictures and starred Ray Milland & Marlene Dietrich. Direction was by Mitchell Leisen and production by Harry Tugend from a screenplay by Frank Butler, Helen Deutsch and Abraham Polonsky. This film is based on a novel by Jolán Földes. The music score was by Victor Young and cinematography by Daniel L. Fapp.



"Golden Earrings" was sung in the movie by Murvyn Vye, and it was a hit record in the 1947-48 era by Peggy Lee.



Score on this record is by "Dave Barbour" and his orchestra.



Transferred to digital using stereo gear on background photo.
PT2M59S
sd
MovieID::::365
I love this actoress sexy well spoken speak different languages great in "Keeping Mum".
I could listen to her all day
she's incredible in Only God Forgives
kristin is physically a mix of Marlene Diestrich and Carole Lombard..^^
Always brilliant.....its time for a proper Bond villainESS, n'est- ce pas?
She couldn't have said it better: No matter how good you are when you're acting in a foreign language there's always a tiny amount of effort hidden in pronouncing the words right, thinking about the words REALLY mean and so many other things, acting is not a natural process but acting in a foreign language makes it even less natural, you're always conscious of the effort that you have to make in order to make sense. Acting in a foreign language forces you to be more aware in terms of communication and language than the native speakers. I'm an actor in a foreign language myself and now I feel less alone. Thanks Kristin!
Adore Kristin!  Wonderful!
Many thanks. Now that's a luvvy!
Very good film. After listening to Kristin Scott Thomas I want to put the dvd  on again!
37053 168 3 0 14
Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.

Kristin Scott Thomas introduces All About Eve (1950) and joins director Stephen Daldry to reflect on the film and her career, which has included English, French and Romanian-speaking roles and working with Prince.



Kristin Scott Thomas was speaking at a screening courtesy of BFI Screen Epiphanies in partnership with American Express®.



Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/

Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI

Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute

Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT14M35S
hd
MovieID::::366
13509 40 0 0 1
On the eve of WW2, a young American reporter tries to expose enemy agents in London.

Director:
Alfred Hitchcock
Writers:
Charles Bennett (screenplay), Joan Harrison (screenplay), and 3 more credits »
Stars:
Joel McCrea, Laraine Day and Herbert Marshall
PT2M22S
sd
MovieID::::367
1556 1 0 0 0
Released shortly after the war, this classic Hitchcock film illustrates the battle between German Nazis and American spies and the trafficking of drugs.
Resolution: 360p
(C) This video is copyright the respective owner.
PT2M32S
sd
MovieID::::368
such a classic
Let deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well. 1 Timothy 3:12
I'm not a huge fan of musicals, but some of these old ones really work for me. I think it helps that they're actually playing performers, so characters walking around singing dancing seems more realistic to me than regular people walking around and breaking into song and dance.
Oscar, Oscar, Oscar
This colourization  is a crime against humanity.
The print of this trailer sparkles!
38778 78 2 0 6
Trailer of Minnelli's masterpiece «The Band Wagon».
PT3M5S
sd
MovieID::::369
Che meraviglioso film !
Garbo was incredibly beautiful
17829 53 1 0 2
"Garbo laughs!" read the headlines after Oscar-honoree and screen legend Greta Garbo ("Queen Christina," "Grand Hotel") bursts into a rare bit of onscreen laughter during her portrayal of a cold-hearted Soviet agent who is warmed up by a trip to Paris and a night of love with Oscar-winner Melvyn Douglas ("Hud"). Inducted into the Library of Congress National Film Registry and recently selected by the prestigious American Film Institute as one of the top 400 American Films of all time...
PT2M16S
sd
MovieID::::370
What is the tee-shirt Ms. Carolyn is wearing? It is an arresting image. "The Ghost and Mrs. Muir" may actually be one of those rare cases where the movie is better than the book, and the book is quite good. From 1968-70, the novel was re-adapted as a sitcom by the same name starring Hope Lange, Edward Mulhare, and Charles Nelson Reilly (as somewhat overdone comic relief). The sitcom ran for one season on NBC and then for a second season on ABC, and I think it worked relatively well in that format, though the book and movie are obviously better.
I think Captain Gregg set out the rules of his haunting, if briefly. Since he no longer had a body he could "manifest" himself visibly or audibly to anyone he wished. If he hadn't left Gull Cottage since his death it was because he saw no need to and probably he stayed to protect the house against "fools .  . and sea lawyers."  I think it's his isolation, which he won't admit to anyone, that draws Lucy Muir to the house.
Do you know how Joe Mankiewicz got the effect of Captain Gregg appearing to Mrs. Muir in a corner of the kitchen?
Gene Tierney is excellent following the huge successes of Laura, Leave Her To Heaven and The Razor's Edge. Rex Harrison is brilliant as the ships captain and really underrated movie.
Excellent commentary on an excellent movie. Get the soundtrack by Bernard Herrmann. Clear the house. Turn off the lights. Hit play on "Andante Cantabile". Truly haunting.
Wasn't there a TV show of this?

I seem to remember seeing it as a kid.
Gene Tierney, the most perfect looking woman EVER. I think that it's the overbite that does it for me.
Uh... Spoilers! Oh, well it is about a ghost.
4576 87 1 0 10
http://www.trailersfromhell.com
PT3M39S
hd
MovieID::::371
What a stupid comment at the beginning
Movies at one time were an escape an opportunity to leave your trouble for an hour
So shut your Mouth!
This is not Europe! It´s recorded in Hollywood!
and impudent Sir
he said pikaboo hihi
I'm 19 years old and this movie is just as great as The Notebook if not better and so original.
I love Top Hat, but Swing Time is my fav Fred and Ginger movie!
FAVEORITE MOVIE!
27591 278 3 0 11
A. O. Scott looks back at the classic Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers musical.

Subscribe to the Times Video newsletter for free and get a handpicked selection of the best videos from The New York Times every week: http://bit.ly/timesvideonewsletter

Subscribe on YouTube: http://bit.ly/U8Ys7n

Watch more videos at: http://nytimes.com/video

---------------------------------------------------------------

Want more from The New York Times?

Twitter: https://twitter.com/nytvideo

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nytimes

Google+: https://plus.google.com/+nytimes/

Whether it's reporting on conflicts abroad and political divisions at home, or covering the latest style trends and scientific developments, New York Times video journalists provide a revealing and unforgettable view of the world. It's all the news that's fit to watch. On YouTube.

'Top Hat' | Critics' Picks | The New York Times
http://www.youtube.com/user/TheNewYorkTimes
PT3M7S
sd
MovieID::::372
They don't make 'em like this anymore!
I always felt that Lubitch was telling America, “we can beat these creeps.” I think Sig Rhuman’s best joke in the film was when he walks in on Lombard and the actor in the troupe who plays Hitler. Rhuman’s character walks into the adjacent room to shoot himself. We hear the gun fire and then, “Schultz !!”
"You haven't seen a comedy until you've seen it with an audience." God is that true.
This is a brilliant dark comedy. And it's evidence of what a good actor Jack Benny was.
I would have liked it better if Mel Blanc or Frank Nelson had shown up in it. "Now cut that out!".
Such a great film! Glad everybody at the screening enjoyed it.
7612 33 0 0 6
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 1462-1463: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::373
5047 6 0 0 0
pairing great movies & great food. http://www.chefducinema.com
PT52S
sd
MovieID::::374
Well i am here from Meg and Dia:))
when it came to Rebel and playing a rebel nobody beats Elvis in Jailhouse Rock King Creole and loving you the first few Elvis movies better than James Dean Elvis was the best at playing Rebel
This movie sucks, James Dean is over rated, and my balls hurt.
I just read about the new film version of the book. I don't call it a remake of the 1954 film because my understanding is that it will be a two film project that recreates the entire novel. The movie leaves out important characters and most importantly barely touches on the character who is a murderous demon in the novel.
"East of Eden" has long been one of my favorite movies of all time! Jimmy gave a voice to the social outsiders of every generation. I cry whenever I watch him on the screen, because I see myself in his characters.
Still better than "The Boy from Oklahoma"...

...wait, that was a Warner Brothers picture? Uh oh. ;)
Tbh, after seeing this trailer I don't think I will bother watching the movie, it doesn't look as though it does the book justice. I loved east of eden, I have never cried over a book so much. CATHY, what a legendary character, she was the inspiration for the character Mandy in my up coming book, LOST. <3 Steinbeck <3
Dean has so much screen presence. He's excellent in this, makes a decent film so much more memorable.
i absolutely loved this movie, and the book as well. jimmy's performance made me cry. so sad he left so soon, he would've made even more amazing films and performances. he was truly special and a one of a kind talent, apart from a beautiful man (seriously, you don't see men that handsome anymore). RIP jimmy, you're forever missed.
reading the book now, planning to see the movie when I'm finished
James Dean the best.. Haaa I got to see this movie, It looks so Awesome ... James Dean & Marlon Brando were the only men who got few of our fashion we got today lol
Way better than rebel without a cause , the title is so misleading , rebel? JIm is a lonley shy bullied guy with no friends and has family issues not really a rebel without a cause at all .
Love East of Eden with James Dean and rest of cast.  In my opinion, East of Eden is James Dean's best of the three movies he made.  What makes Dean so great is the raw emotion that he shows.  That only other actor that is able to show this raw emotion as good or better is Brando.  James Dean died too young.
Is East of Eden a film noir or not?
Perfection
The movie is great, James Dean beautiful. I gotta read the book.
Such untamed emotions.
This movie, affected me.
But without Lee how can the book's message be conveyed?
The movie is mostly about the second half of the book.  It actually makes the movie a lot stronger.
I just finished reading the book and maybe that's why I'm a little disappointed after watching the trailer for this movie ... where's Adam, Lee, Sam?
a little late but RIP Julie Harris!
You didn't have fast cars, microwaves, computers, televisions, and Youtube then...You DID have racism, fascism, The Great Depression, and The Cold War to look forward to...
Like any other movie base on a book the book is WAY better the movie. The movie only concentrate only on the second half of the novel, in which leads to many plotholes. And yes, I do recommend it for twelve-year-olds.
Have you read the book?
Is my favourite book! :D
omg the book this, this book THIS FUCKING AMAZING BOOK
I only watch 20 minutes of this movie. It focuses too much on Cal and Aron - and Abra. It is just all wrong in some way
Do you know.....anything about acting at all?
What's all this talk about the fucking book, who cares if it's not the same, doesn't change the fact that this movie is fucking awesome. COME ON James Dean was a phenomenal actor.
The feeling of not being love is one of the worst feeling ever, obviously you haven't lived through that.
I am always amazed by John Steinbeck he was such an amazing novelist and East of Eden, in my opinion, is his best work simply because of CATHY . I am drawn to evil people and antagonists and I was so amazed how well he wrote evil. Cathy is not a clichéd villain at all--she doesn't do evil for revenge or because of her childhood. She does it because it is simply her nature. Sadly, the movie only depicts Cathy when she became Kate, and not as a young, cruel woman but it is still a great film! :)
Many years too late to rant but: this is not how the book goes!! Ugh! lol
No, they just used an alternate take in the movie.
2:01 they cut out this scene :O
Ich weiß nicht wie oft ich den Film schon gesehen habe ?
Aber ein zeitloser Filmklassiker !
Can you imagine teenage girls fangirling over James Dean back than? lol
I love the book. It was long but well worth the time spent.
2:12    Dat smolder.
It is my favorite book. The movie wasn't that good. It was a long book though. perhaps a Mini series? Abra was cast bad. I think Amanda Bines (when sober) would make a great Abra.

Thanks! I actually just started reading it and it's amazing! A little depressing but great. I looked at some the reviews and asked my friends to read it too. Everything was possitive from them!
It is a work of art by one of America's greatest novelists, certainly better than any of the popular culture and tv shows or movies available today.  Read it at the library.  It is moving, brilliant and in my humble opinion more than acceptable for a twelve year old if you have the intellectual capacity to understand the writing, no reason you shouldn't read it...
Does the movie have the same plot as the book? Also, could someone tell me if they think the book would be appropriate for twelve year olds! My mother won't let me read it cause she doesn't think it's appropriate! OVER PROTECTIVE MOTHER ALERT!!!!
I love the book and I love the movie. They have their differences but they're both great :)
If you can't find the opening scene close by(if it's still posted) pull up google and type "uploads by bdyglv" it will be for 3:02. Jo Van Fleet and James Dean, two emotional powerhouses indeed, with the sinister music of Leonard Rosenman..within 3 minutes..you are hooked!!!
If your fortunate enough to find the dvd "Viva Zapata"-1952 Bk&Wt  with Marlon Brando,Jean Peters and Anthony Quinn-watch how Kazan crafts his characters and builds depth, bonding his audience with Zapata,Mexico and the dangerous treachery in higher government.
Elia Kazan had the talent available in every character and used it wisely. The opening scene with Jo Van Fleet walking in town,a brooding musical undertone by composer Leonard Rosenman in sync with the first shot of James Dean and pure acting from everyone. High tension levels and inner conflict (Kazan's forte) will work overtime on your emotions.
Just finished the book, wow. Haven't seen the film, is Lee actually in it ?
I think I have a new favorite film director. East of Eden, A streetcar named Desire, On the Waterfront, all directed by Elia Kazan.
Wow what I wouldn't give to go back in time. James Dean <3
Now you will  be dead :DDDD
LOL You can all keep bitching about the inaccuracies in this movie, or you can pretend this has nothing to do with the book and just fucking enjoy the film! Doesn't matter if they changed anything or not, this movie is still beautiful none-the-less.
The movie is really good and yeah, it focuses on the love story but not THAT much (if you ask me) and I really think you should go and see that movie!
James Dean was too beautiful for this world...
every character here is so out of character, its disgusting!!
Leaps from the pages... *James leaps*
James Dean is the worst actor I've ever seen. "Rebel without a Cause" was absolutely atrocious.
Why focus on Cal and Aron? I would rather see more focus on the first half of the novel instead of the end.
ohh 1955 beef, i love it :) xx
I just finished reading the book and I absolutely loved it. the movie is good but of course the book is better. Aron, Cal and Abra weren't really a huge part of the book until towards the end but the movie focuses on them. I'd love to see a remake that tells more of Adam,charles and Cathy in her younger days. but mostly I'd like to see more of Samuel and Lee.
Possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen.
Adam, Cal's father is actually the main character in the book. The book focus's more on Kate and Adam until the end. The film cuts out half the book.
@dozza06 LOL
I love this movie, its not your typical story.
Monster. How should I feel? Creatures lie here. Looking through the window.
Meg and Dia wrote the song"Monster" based on Cathy Ames. ;D check it out
This film was partially filmed in the town of Mendocino, Calif.  Buildings on the south side of Main St are visible. The buildings later burnt and were never rebuilt.
i love the song!!
I love the book (it's actually my favorite one) and I've lately seen the movie, but I think the book is much better.
This was turned into a song..... I think it's this book but the songs called monitor by Meg and dia
@josefienmatu oh, you must be caucasian...
I cried at the end of the movie, when she says she knows how it feels when nobody loves you. actually I feel like this
@dammitblink It focuses just as much on the love story as the book does- considering it's about a 4th of the books length, it just feels like more.

I think the film's amazing in spite of all that they cut out- it gets the central point of the book down, which is really the most important thing.
dean looks a bit like james franco
this adaptation of the book looks completely and utterly ridiculous...
Makes me want to invest in a bean farm during these shitty economic times...Great flick..
Wish I was born in that time
East of Eden is a bullshit book. Worst I've ever read in my entire life. No meaning, substance, just a fuckload of symbolism and negative opinions of females. Overly detailed, good description of scenes though, but the plot utterly boring and not frustrating. Hated it, total dissappointment
i hate how lee is barely in the film. he's my favorite character in the book!
this is a great movie
I haven't seen the movie but I love the book and I've heard the movie focuses too much on the love story that actually isn't that emphasized in the book but I'm not surprised. Everyone should read the book though! It's so fucking good.
this movie was amazing. james dean rocks haha
@JamesByronnDean ikr
they make the trailer look like from the 6o's
thanks for uploading.
Is it just me or does the lady at the beginning sound exactly like Amy Adams?
Yeah, I think something was wrong with my browser back then. Everything's fine now :) Thx
Is it just me or is there no talking in this trailer???
244300 384 23 0 108
A 1955 film directed by Elia Kazan.
PT2M54S
hd
MovieID::::375
The inspiration for Get Smart. He even says "would you believe it?"
Very witty trailer.
merci pour cet extrait
A great trailor when dialogue mean't something and not just things blowing up. I have the box set but not with me now. sure wish i could see at least the first 3 on utube
You're completely right, but don't forget that in 1936 already Hollywood made "After the Thin Man", because they just wanted to make a quick buck on the back of the original movie.
A lot of them began on stage (vaudeville, Broadway) and they were usually taught to speak with a Mid-Atlantic accent and I personally love them. Lines were dictated better with the accent and I just think it sounded better overall. We are lazy speakers now! I'd actually like to teach myself how to speak with this accent (and keep it permanently!)
@Drake59 I like Johnny Depp, but it is a shame that Hollywood of today has to remake classics because they have no idea what to do, or do they?  I think they are lazy and they want to make a quick buck on the back of classics instead of making new good movies. They rarely succeed with them. The majority of movies these days fall into the category of stupidity and vulgarity. There are still some good movies made, but the ones worth watching never get the proper promotion.   It's a shame!
What a Joy!  I bought the series of Thin Man movies and I just watched the first one tonight and it was wonderful.  Witty and funny and everything comedies are not these days.  The most wonderful thing about the movie is that they did not have to be vulgar to be funny.  I will watched the second one from the series tomorrow.
Why do old hollywood actors speak so funny? I love it!
@puck30 Normally I would agree with you but they have already signed Johnny Depp to play Nick and even though Nora has not been cast yet, rumor has it that Rachel Weisz is currently at the top of the list.
@Drake59 Don't worry Drake it will disappear after one week in the theatres and never be heard from again unless you stumble onto it in the $2 bin at the local Big Lots.
This one of my favorite movies, to bad Hollywood is planning a remake.
I enjoyed this.

-------Ellen
few months ago i discovered william powells movies and have loved them since

Also Myrna Loy is the most beautiful woman to walk the earth.
A three minutes trailer and they don't spoil the whole plot. New hollywood trailer makers could learn a thing or two! Fantastic!
75813 169 5 0 15
mystery comedy thriller. 1934.
PT3M17S
sd
MovieID::::376
1123 1 0 0 0
Hildy Johnson has divorced Walter Burns and visits his office to tell him that she is engaged to another man and that they are going to get married the day after. Walter Burns can't let that happen and frames the other man, Bruce Baldwin, for a lot of stuff getting him into trouble all the time, while he tries to steer Hildy back into her old job as his employee (editor of his newspaper).
Resolution: 360p
(C) This trailer is copyright the respective owner.
PT1M40S
sd
MovieID::::377
The alternate-reality-without-George sequence is like something you'd see on a Twilight Zone episode. That's my favorite part of the movie. Great message.
The best movie of all times!
The good old days when no one had a clue how to make a good trailer!
lol all these people are dead now
2007............................
It's NOT a wonderful life, when Comrade Trump is still ILLEGALLY in the White House, after committing ELECTION FRAUD last November!
my son knows that's like on snick for 25 years on that one where Samantha tabak joined that cast of all that from season 3 as well except he's having fantasies of her over that so called ask ashley
Bones - Bedfordfalls anyone? :D
Just enjoyed the film on TV.Could not bear it without expressing my liking.It is a wonderful film. it makes me smile, cry. wonderful concept.Great film.I am not religious but somehow I liked Mr Clearence and George Bailey, Miss Marry. Every character is spot on. Every society should have George Baily.It is a great grown-up society ( especially everyone helped George Baily on his hard time) also.5 STAR.
Hollywood movies and morkish sentiment
Happy 70th anniversary to a timeless, moving and feel-everything holiday classic!
Well said Paul Simmons, I feel the same, this film makes you laugh and cry, it's the greatest film ever made
Each time I watch It's A Wonderful Life, I smile, laugh and cry all over again...Jimmy Stewart, as George Bailey, will touch your heart to its very core...This 1946 Frank Capra classic is essential viewing for all ages and all generations...
Original air date in USA, December 24, 1946
any knows where i can donwload this movie in color and full  HD?
thanks
Favorite film for the holydays! One of my all time favourite movies and always will be...i love that moment in that film when all the great actors and actresses during that time period gather together in the house.
One of my favorite movies of all time, especially coming up to Christmas.  A remake starring Marlo Thomas was made about 40 years ago.  While not as good as the original, it was a decent effort.  Other than the one time, I don't think it's ever been shown again - not on network television anyway.  Ah well, Merry Christmas All!
Lets really show them and watch It's a Wonderful Life this Christmas!
Zuzu's petals
We need a Christmas miracle, my mom had a large stroke monday, her name is Anna in Petersburg Va, please pray for her to have a full recovery ( this is dec. 3, 2014)
My favourite Christmas movie ever
LA MEJOR PELÍCULA DE NAVIDAD DE TODOS LOS TIEMPOS ¡¡¡
This is one of mine and hubbies, all time favourite films. The story is so beautiful, and James Stewart, is one of my favourite actors, Just love him and Donna Reed in this. We try and watch it every Christmas, especially since they released a colour version !!
funny that this movie was a box office bomb and now an all time great classic!
Dan Gruszka Confidential MD
This movie. Greatest movie of all time. Period!
Yea I've seen this a couple times and I'll still say that it sucks.
I've always loved this film. its just not Christmas until I watch this film every year. thanks to it being broadcast year after year  for over 70 yrs
now
plz keep the tradition alive for every generation still to come
I watch this movie every year and it ALWAYS brings a small tear to my eyes. It is about how each one of makes a difference and that all of us are part of a bigger picture. We all matter. Merry Christmas everyone.
Going to see this soon for the first time on the big screen. Christmas wouldn't be Christmas without watching this fantastic film.
is this cleared with Jon Stewart? I heard angels were not white
It's a Wonderful Film...Warmest greetings from Poland to all ...We often need to keep distance from things that seem to be important...but sth else is really important...
I wonder if many people found this trailer untruthful about the film's actual theme.  The beautiful love story's only part of it.  My least favorite scenes were when George got hit by Mr. Gower, then the teacher's husband.   Most of us can relate to having doors close.   Some have pointed out that the townspeople took George for granted.  One such person was his brother Harry.   Yet they realize what he meant for them.   I'd sent his whole family on that trip to Europe.   At least in the SNL spoof Mr. Potter didn't get away with his stealing the money.
'Christmas with the Joker;' in the Batman animated series brought me here haha now I actually want to see this movie!
I suppose I have a more formal vocabulary than other boys my age. Yes, believe it or not, not all boys are marijuana-smoking brain-dead drunken whores. But I was indeed 14. I am now 15, almost 16. So I suppose I'm closer to being Jesse's brother.
a 14 year old boy also would not talk like you. you are either jesse pinkmans brother or a 43 year old that is role playing.
Clarence hopes to make George's nobler instincts kick in by jumping in first. This is a gamble, but since Clarence already knows what George once did in a similar situation, it's a calculated gamble.
This is my all time favorite!! I'm not from this generation, I'm 18, but I love the whole film so completely I wouldn't change one line! I love the romance, the plot, the ambition, hope, and just everything!!
I love the film It's a Wonderful Life because it is one of the best films ever way better than the Bar fight from The Great Mouse Detective.
What the hell is a hipster?
Hey I was just born yesterday and every movie released today sucks so I'm gonna be hipster and specifically mention my age when I like older movies.
The fairy is the adorbolest thing
Yes you're right, there is little in the trailer that would let people know how great this film would turn out to be, this awful trailer probably put this masterpiece back many years before it was realized how great this story really was - quite sad.
I just saw this film for the first time, and man did it affect me! It totally deserves the hype that it's received and it now earns a place in my top 5 favourite films of all time. Loved it!
oh my god love this movie!! too touching!!

A good movie, what me makes feel a little depressed though is that the actresses and actors are all dead.
The world is definitely a worst place since we are without Jimmy to tell us that everything is fine.
Please! I wanna live again. I wanna live again. Please, God, let me live again.  This is how i feel right now
Such a classic! We reviewed and discussed it on our show movie talk show recently!
I could watch these trailers for hours! Feel free to visit my channel for more classics!
Me and my dad love watching old movies together. He never cried with any movie but when we saw this one, he cried at the end. When I ask him why he cried, he said: "because I'm happy". This movie is fantastic and causes many emotions. I absolutely adore it! Pd.: Sorry if I made some mistakes, but English is not my first language. :)
Actually - I am 14 - or was 14 at the time of the message. 15 now. Please don't assume that I am lying about my age so I can "look cool and get a few likes" - that is really insulting.
I know, right?!
if you want  to  watch  some other  good  old  movies - -  start with  double  indemnity  from 1944
i agree  totally   with you   . !  amazing  such a  simple  movie  can  have  such  an  effect  on  so many  people.  i love it too
Just finished watching this movie again! I watch it every year with my family it's a great tradition!
This trailer was actually why this movie started out so poorly in the box office. It was billed as a Comedy, (rather than a sentimental flick.)
Season's Greetings!!!!
Happy Holidays!!!!
the best Christmas feel good film ever,,, bliss :-D
desde  el  2007   705324  &  ME   hemos  visto este  lindo mensaje  VISUAL
On this day in 1946 {December 20th} the movie "It's A Wonderful Life", starring James Stewart and Donna Reed, had its world premier in New York City...
One month later on January 7th, 1947 it opened in theaters across the U.S.A.
It was nominated for five Academy Awards {didn't win any, lost three of the Oscars to "The Best Years of Our Lives"}...
R.I.P. Mr. Stewart {1908 - 1997} and Ms. Reed {1921 - 1986}...
I just heard about this movie on yahoo. I wonder if it's on netflix.
i just watched this for the first time today..... really great...
Best Christmas movie ever!
American propaganda at its best :D
I love this film so much :D It makes you feel that everyone has a purpose in life and if people weren't here then things would be different :)
If you're in the Boston area, Randolph Showcase Cinema is screening It's A Wonderful Life on Saturday, December 22nd at 10:00am. Better than that, if you bring canned goods, admission is free!!
my favorite b/w movie
Someone told me about this show, they said "i might like it"
I love this movie!!!!!!!!
every time a bell rings an angel get it's wings :')
Thank you! That was my goal :)
You compliment the film's message wonderfully :)
I can't get enough of the ending.
Those were the days....
so first time i watched this movie like 3 months ago was in color and i absolutely loved it....didnt know that it was originally filmed in black and white....does it matter which version u watch????
Some said "It's A Wonderful Life is the greatest movie in the world". However, it isn't available in Thailand.
Exactly. I am just expressing the profound effect it had on a 14-year-old. That's all.
why is "the biggest pimple in the world" a related video to this?
well, sure, but with a masterpiece like this, it's pretty obvious it does. Btw i watched this first when i was 14 too, and it's one of my favorite movies.
A 14 year old boy wouldn't typically be the person to publicly laud a movie from the 1940s. The reason I said my age is to describe the effect this film can have on everyone from adults to teenage boys, just because I love it so much.
all of you who go on these videos about retro things, saying "I'm X years old yet i like it anyway, very mature bla bla bla", yours wasn't ass bad though, but it still seems unnecessary.
Who's "you guys"?
Wow, this trailer is a disgrace to the movie, if they had only brought up the "what if you were never born" subject in the trailer, then the movie wouldn't have flopped so much (even though the movie is so much more than that)
do you guys really always have to mention your age?
I would have to say I'm kinda dissapointed with the trailer. This movie is awesome but they could've done better!! If I was alive back then and daw this trailer I wouldn't really think twice if I should see it or not..it's not at all appetizing but really great film though :)
im in this play!!! I'm Violet

To me Donna Reed's portrayal of Mary Hatch is still my idea of a perfect wife. No attitude, ego or raunchiness. Just pure love and adoration to her family and very graceful, kind, polite and a good sense of humor. Oh well, I guess that's too much to ask for in this day and age.
'To my big brother George, the richest man in town.'
Best quote of this wonderful movie!
@Steelbird Alley wonderful*
how come there werent any wonerful black people in this movie???
one of the best movies ever!
It's from this movie :)

Jack and Jill!!!
1332932 1555 105 0 304
Traditional Christmas film.
PT1M49S
sd
MovieID::::378
David Huxley is waiting to get a bone he needs for his museum collection. Through a series of strange circumstances, he meets Susan Vance, and the duo have a series of misadventures which include a leopard called Baby.
Resolution: 360p
PT2M20S
sd
MovieID::::379
3518 12 0 0 0
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 1-5: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::380
Fix this damn title it’s NOT the 1926 version
This is the wrong one
is the movie the same as the book?
does anyone know if and/or how to find the 1926 version anywhere? I've got this version on dvd.
Wrong version - this is 1934 :(
n  a t t Y     h aT h o R n E    w a S      b o R n       w . O     t h e   "W"       in      h  i  S        n a   m E       he        l  A  t e R    a p p e N d E d     t h E        "W"      a f T e r      h i S      m O t h E r S      xxDeAtHxx
h i s      o W n     S  C  a R l E t   L e T t E r     th e      "W"     i n    H a W t H o R n E    e T erNa ll y        s t a N d  s       f   o r
v E n E r  A b L e       W   O   M   A   N         —       w  O m A  N        o f     T  h e    S  a C  r  E d      W   o  m   B
the 1926 version was directed by victor sjostrom
this is the wrong version of the film its not the 1926 one
5032 37 18 0 12

PT1H9M36S
sd
MovieID::::381
This song's actual title is 'Take It Off The E String (Play It On The G String)'. It only got one commercial recording back in 1943 because the song was considered too risque. Peter Piper & His Orchestra recorded it on Hit Records. I have the 78rpm. One day I'll get around to uploading it here.
Barbara Stanwyck is AWESOME!!!!  Who's the choreographer who said, "I think Barbara should do splits and Russian dance squats and kicks in high heels and an evening gown."?
friken A for Awesome totally!!!
2:15 & 2:30 | "Oh really? Well I can do that shit in heels and a skirt.... bitches!" hahaha Get it girl!
pinky lee is in this clip
BARBARA STANWYCK.  GODDESS.
...and she was 36 years old!
Ah, I LOVE this dance SO much. If I could dance like that, I would be soooo happy! =D
I agree, bow before her! It's amazing and so brilliant!
take it off the e-string play it on the g-string!! i love this song!!!
Barbara Stanwyck was such a versitle actress. Singing, dancing, you name it. I still love all her movies.
WOW! Look at La Stanwyck kick her heels! That cossack-type step is amazing, and she herself (not a stand-in) is actually performing it. People at the time must've been astounded that she could do this stuff.

I think I still like that jitterbugging the best, though.
I know! RESPECI! Haha, no seriously, I find this entire dance routite rather impressive. The breakdancing in high heels too... go Barbara!
can i just say that this is 1940s hollywood barbara is about 36 and she just did a split!!!
Actually, this dance step in question originated from Russia and Eastern Europe; I've seen this exact "novelty dance" on tapes of the Soviet Red Army Chorus performing.
Some of those early breakdancers were very aware of their dance roots.
It's called novelty dancing and it's been around at least since Vaudeville.  But man those tights!  Now that's something to write home about!
HAHAHA this movie is such fun. i love that they let barbara sing!
this is one of my favourite ever movies, the wonderfull costumes are by the great edith head. for 'research' the warbrobe department went down town to a burlesque show! fab song. stanwyck will always be my best gal.
Great fun. Stanwyck was great in any part...thanks for the fun.
74201 126 3 0 20
A clip from the 1943 movie featuring the 2nd instance of Barbara Stanwyck singing 'The G-String Song', uploaded because of the addictive dancing that occurs about halfway. Yay!
PT3M21S
sd
MovieID::::382
Here's an original idea, why not just show the clips,with the actual dialogue. What is this weird thing of having background music, and especially music that does not at all go with that film.
OMG what stupid background music to the clips. How about just showing the movie clips. The music doesn't even fit with it. Horrible
Bette Davis's electrifying on the scene. Curiously, Of Human Bondage was unsuccessful in 1934. The criticisms were mixed about the film. The public didn't tolerate the way the waitress Mildred (Bette Davis) had infuriated the young medical student Philip (Leslie Howard). In between the lines the moralistic discourse is evident: educated males should not be involved emotionally with vulgar females and without cradle. Several RKO Radio Pictures stars declined to play Midred. However, Bette Davis's performance was highly praised and she was elevated to star status, not beauty, for the appearance of the waitress was sloppy, but for the talent. The absence of Bette in the nominations for the Oscar of better actress generated protests. The compensation came the following year, when she received the award for a performance that neither she liked in Dangerous. When Of Human Bondage went into production Bette was hired by Warner and was not satisfied with the production system, which didn't always give priority to quality. The actors participated in one production after another, and sometimes up to two at the same time. This was because the studios had to feed the movie circuits, all week, with new tapes. As everyone knows, there was no television and the most accessible entertainment was the movies. Bette starred in 22 films before Of Human Bondage. She had good roles in The Cabin in the Cotton, 20,000 Years in Sing Sing and The Working Man, but was not so lucky in other jobs. To be part of the cast of Of Human Bondage, Bette still had to participate in Fog Over Frisco, in which her character is murdered and disappears before the story ends. In 1934, the actress had already acted for Warner in Fashions of 1934 and Jimmy the Gent. Soon after Of Human Bondage, did, also, in the same year, Housewife.
Thank, this is exactly what I needed for my blog!
I really like your videos. I hope you continue to make more! This was such a great song choice for this film.
This is a great combination of song and film! Beautiful.
Great job!! Nice to see a tribute to this film, which was such a tour de force for Bette... She was robbed of that Oscar!
5999 18 0 0 7
This is a video made of clips from the 1934 film Of Human Bondage starring Bette Davis and Lesley Howard. The film is based on the novel by W. Somerset Maugham and tells the story of a failed artist who decides to study medicine. He becomes completely infatuated with a young waitress who is intent on breaking his heart over and over. It is only finally when she dies that he can break free from the bond that ties him to her. Belle & Sebastians 'Waking up to us' is a perfect song to describe a doomed love which seems impossible to accept and therefore I think it fits perfectly with this film! My first attempt at this so...enjoy!
PT5M21S
sd
MovieID::::383
Well done...for a GREAT movie
Didn't watch this all the way through... but for the couple of minutes I did see, you did a fantastic job putting this together!  It feels like a real life example of (one of the best) old trailers.
Paul Muni was handsome.  Looks like it will be a fun movie.  I love Claude Raines, such a devilish smile.
951 11 0 0 5
Trailer for 1946 classic fantasy ANGEL ON MY SHOULDER.  No actual trailer survives, so this has been created in period style.  Longer than would actually be in '46 but this is to be used to promote picture at Shadowland Film Series in winter 2015.
PT4M12S
hd
MovieID::::384
This is pretty much how brooklyn kids are these days.
Playing at the Bijou Theatre in Lincoln City, Or. this Saturday at 11:00am. $2.00!
7551 9 0 0 2
See http://www.FilmFury.com to watch free full length movies like this and hundreds of others, online now!



An American boy turns out to be the long-lost heir of a British fortune. He is sent to live with the cold and unsentimental lord who oversees the trust.
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::385
What am I doing?
1470 5 1 0 1
Free Classic Hollywood Feature Films at http://www.imovienetwork.com and http://www.greentreeclassicfilms.com

They Made Me a Criminal is a 1939 American Warner Bros. drama crime film directed by Busby Berkeley and starring John Garfield, Claude Rains, and The Dead End Kids. It is a remake of the 1933 film The Life of Jimmy Dolan. The film was later featured in an episode of Cinema Insomnia. Portions of the film were shot in the Coachella Valley, California.
Cast: John Garfield as Johnny Bradfield; Gloria Dickson as Peggy; Claude Rains as Det. Monty Phelan; Ann Sheridan as Goldie West; May Robson as Grandma Rafferty; Billy Halop as Tommy; Bobby Jordan as Angel; Leo Gorcey as Spit; Gabriel Dell as T.B.; Huntz Hall as Dippy; Bernard Punsly as Milt (credited as Bernard Punsley); Ward Bond as Lenihan; William B. Davidson as the Sheriff
PT1H31M13S
sd
MovieID::::386
This trailer should get more views.  I know we few aren't the only ones who adore this Kaye Klassic!

...hum, I might watch this 432,003 times to get it where it should be.  :p
9200 24 1 0 1

PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::387
12622 11 0 0 0
This is a trailer I produced years ago for this John Wayne classic.  Look for Harry Carey as well.
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::388
A thing for her?  That's an understatement.  Hughes practically bankrupted the film by recutting it and delaying its release by 2 years--of course he had the censors to deal with.  he had his own private viewings of it and would not give it way--I will not discuss what he might have done in those repeated private viewings...you get the picture.  Very obsessvie he was with Jane R.
Filme que tornou a peituda e talentosa, Jane Russel, em estrêla do primeiro time. Torno-se um clássico do western. Só que o cowboy no filme, tem uma cara de boneco de cêra. Em certas cenas, ele parece que vai dar um chilique e desmaiar. Não é do tipo John Wayne. É o oposto. Mas vale uma olhada. Obrigado pelas imagens.
yeah Making a western, gonna call it the out law
i check out this movie because i just watched the aviator by leonardo di caprio. so thats a real story
This movie is no Harry Brown, it was good at the beginning but the middle and end really took this film downhill. This movie could of been so much better but unfortunately didn't turn out to be.
Want a great vigilante movie watch Harry Brown where he's an ex marine who kicks yob's arses.
Jane Russell: "The Girl Who Tamed The West With Her Tits"
@grapevinelane Is it important that they were white children?  RIP Jane.
From mamory it is quite a good film.
91717 84 10 0 8
April 23, 2011: Buffalo Film Society at The Lancaster Opera House. Theatrical Trailer for Howard Hughes'  Billy the Kid western The Outlaw starring Jane Russell, Jack Buetel, Walter Huston and the wonderful item of clothing that Mr. Hughes invented especially for Ms. Russell. The chicken does not appear in the trailer, but is definitely the star of the movie.  http://www.BuffaloFilmFest.com
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::389
have not seen this in years. good movie. used to watch it a lot as a kid. Bogie is the best.
0:19 "The dark continent"

lol
Que dupla! Bogart & Hepburn, em um daqueles filmes clássicos.Hoje, sabe como é, muita "celebridades", muitos "famozinhos" e tome porcaria se achando "artista"!
You clearly haven't seen the movie, otherwise you would have known that the title "african queen" doesn't apply to catherine hepburn but to the boat!

and! it's an awesome movie!
30351 29 3 0 5
At the start of World War 1, Charlie Allnut is using his old steamer, The African Queen, to ferry supplies to villages in East Africa. When the Rev. Samuel Sayer dies, Charlie agrees to take Sayers' sister, Rose, back to civilization. taking on the Germans at the same time.
PT2M31S
sd
MovieID::::390
3085 2 0 0 0
Download film:
http://letitbit.net/download/13709.10396c07967e3e25a507d6ff185e/Pobedit.djavola.1.45_youtube.avi.html
PT28S
sd
MovieID::::391
Love this film - hope people see it.
Gary Cooper looks like Joe Hill in this.
Excellent trailer... gets the story across better than the official studio trailer of the time.  ^_^
Don't worry about the misspelling.  Worry more about D. B. Norton and his Christmas tree.
I enjoyed it very much. Well thought out. Great voice over.  Very nice.

Yes, spelling and I would like a bolder type font print. but again very nice.
17645 60 2 0 5
Here's a trailer I produced for this Frank Capra classic starring Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck (unfortunately, we misspelled her name in the trailer!).
PT1M21S
sd
MovieID::::392
Very cool, thank you so much for sharing. I was looking for a good copy of the trailer for this movie and you delivered. I used this on my website https://haremcinema.jimdo.com/library/a-farewell-to-arms/ so please let me know what you think.
16754 70 0 0 1
A Farewell to Arms is released on Dual Format Edition DVD/Blu-ray on 22 September
http://shop.bfi.org.uk/pre-order-a-farewell-to-arms.html#.VARJImOa_q0

Starring Gary Cooper, Helen Hayes and Adolphe Menjou.

A forgotten masterpiece, Frank Borzage's film of Ernest Hemingway's novel, is both a persuasive picture of the nightmare that was World War One and a deeply affecting tribute to the transcendent power of love.

New restoration by Lobster Films.
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::393
Great movie..watched in Belfast as a student. Ian hart precisely portrayed a McAllister gang(shankill butcher s) member..i heard this from some guy living off in sandy row.lol.
One of the best movies from the 90´s . Pls upload it ,sumone ! I only have it on VHS , so I can´t do it.
A very good movie. Hard to find, anyone got a torrent?
8884 19 1 0 3
In 1975 Belfast, at a time of a potential cease-fire, a Protestant gang led by James Frain's Kenny and the Catholic family of Kenny's former friend Liam (John Lynch) experience a long dark night of the soul as their lives violently cross.

Directed by Thaddeus O'Sullivan, written by Daniel Mornin, and also starring Ian Hart, Michael Gambon and Maria Doyle Kennedy.

A Film4 Production, released in the UK on 18th October 1996.

How to contact Film4:
If you are in the UK & Eire and want to buy any of these films on DVD or download please search here http://www.findanyfilm.com/
If you are a viewer, and want to contact us about anything on any of our channels (including Film4 Channel) please follow this link http://www.channel4.com/4viewers/faq
If you are a filmmaker, and want to contact us about Film4 Productions please follow this link http://www.film4.com/film4-productions/how-to-submit-a-project
For general information about Film4 please follow this linkhttp://www.film4.com/faq
If you are based outside the UK and want to see any of these films on DVD or download please check with your local distributors
If you are an international distributor or film festival, and want to license the Film4 Library films please follow this link http://www.film4library.com/contactus.asp
PT2M1S
hd
MovieID::::394
02:00 Carmina Burana O Fortuna
nice video , thanks
Blimey, how young does Yeoh look? And Rothrock too!


At 2:00, that was Chin Kar Lok.
10071 8 1 0 4
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 87-90: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::395
great :) "#: Dangerous Ground (1997) Full Length, visit https://plus.google.com/110076137754481656534/posts/WqV3ueujSVb
I went to the movie theater to go and see this back then when I was little all myself remember scene when he talks to woman at the door in the movie theaters watching this movie and it was Rated R I was just a kid I was only 5 years old still experience that movie and watching it as a kid it was for adults Ice Cube is a good rapper and actor his movies are like that coming from gangsta rap from 1980s World Most Dangerous Group N.W.A. Niggaz With Attitude to a solo artist he has been doing his thing for a long time anybody going to see his new movie "Fist Fight" this year.
I actually really like this film. It got shit reviews and was barely released theatrically but I certainly enjoyed it. It has a pretty decent story. It's so underrated. It's like it doesn't even exist.
This Red Band trailer for this film is seen on the original 1997 VHS release of "Set It Off (1996)" as well as the dvd release of "Next Friday (2000)"
ice cube & ving rhames !? awsome!
46826 60 3 0 6
Ice Cube and Elizabeth Hurley in the tale of a South African freedom fighter who returns home after 14 years in exile for his father's funeral. Apartheid is over, but now the drug wars are destroying his people...and his brother is missing in action.

Actors
Ice Cube Vusi
Elizabeth Hurley Karen
Thokozani Nkosi Young Vusi
Ving Rhames Muki

Director
Darrell James Roodt

Writers
Greg Latter screenplay
Darrell James Roodt screenplay
David S. Goyer Screenplay

Worldwide Distributors
New Line Home Entertainment Video Distributor
New Line Cinema Theatrical Distributor
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::396
Mads how do you talk to boys
The Innocents of it all the simplicity the beauty they don't make them like this anymore what a shame
First play I never did in college great film by the great Josh Logan a masterpiece
Preciosa pelicula , la vi muchas veces , porque me gustó muchisimo , Kim Novak y William Holden  Estaban magníficos ,
Novak maravilha.
Fantastic film...great cast!!!
Resenha sobre o filme: https://magiadoreal.blogspot.com/2018/08/filme-do-dia-ferias-de-amor-1955-joshua.html
The music is wonderful...
I'm 22...channel surfing and decided to watch and the movie just captivate my interest...was compelling, had depth, dialogue, life seemed so simple then and the little things they found entertaining and I tried to relate it how it would be like today....totally enjoyed, surprisingly
william holden miscast in this, too old, he admitted later, but Josh Logan wanted him.  Brando probably turned it down, James Dean would have been good, but despite all that, the picture has strength and power, helped me escape that environment as soon as i could.  big hit in its day, and it made Kim Novak a star.
NEEWOLLAH.  Halloween spelled backwards!
William holden meets Perry Smith and dick hickock
"On a picnic morning...without a warning..."
The "feel" of this film is SO 1950s. --With the assist of the James Wong Howe (cinematographer) and filmed on location in small town America 1954-55.
great movie.  william holden,rosiland russell,and arthur o'connell really shine.
N E E W O L L A H !
All thats been said   How about James Wong Howe's cinematography William Inge fully realized
I love movies like this.. Life in small towns.  This is one of my favorite movies.
Do they still have that picnic and make an attractive girl the Neewolloh Queen?
In spite of its imperfections, "Picnic" will shine for 1,000 years. Yes, and we were a country then.
Read that Nickerson, Sterling, Hutchinson, Halstead and Salina (all Ks. towns) were film locations. Hard to believe Kim Novak's image is 1955. Way way more modern. In all the plastic hokeyness depicted in the film, just underneath is an incredible sophistication which emerges later as people break out of their shells.
They filmed this in my home town!
I wish they would restore this film, it really is a gem.
Search on YT for "Moonglow / Theme From Picnic By Morris Stoloff" :) It's a beautiful song, you're right!
what is the song that is playing while they are dancing? i love it please help!!!
very very nice ,  certainly one of my favorite movies, I have years of not seeing her, I hope someday to have it and enjoy it, in clear Spanish
Heaven help Hollywood if the biggies even TRY to remake this.

esa magda tiene como 40 años!!!!!!!!
168861 243 21 0 44
Directed by Joshua Logan

Starring William Holden and Kim Novak
PT3M15S
sd
MovieID::::397
Everything you ever wanted to know about the phrase Pompatos of Love, sometimes spelled Pompitous of Love:
https://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/972/in-steve-millers-the-joker-what-is-the-pompatus-of-love/
Inspired by the Steve Miller Band's "The Joker" inspirThe Pompatus of Love (1995)ed by Vernon Green's song "The Letter"
4590 14 1 0 2
The Pompatus Of Love Trailer 1996
Director: Richard Schenkman
Starring: Adrian Pasdar, Jon Cryer, Mia Sara, Tim Guinee, Kristin Scott Thomas,

Official Content From BMG

The mysteries of love and women in the 90's are almost as difficult for these long time pals to figure out as the lyrics to an old Steve Miller song.

Movie, The Pompatus Of Love Movie,The Pompatus Of Love Trailer,The Pompatus Of Love 1996, Richard Schenkman,Adrian Pasdar, Jon Cryer, Mia Sara, Tim Guinee, Kristin Scott Thomas,
PT2M36S
sd
MovieID::::398
11710 10 0 0 0
Fly Away Home Trailer 1996
Director: Carroll Ballard
Starring: Dana Delany, Jeff Daniels, Anna Paquin, Terry Kinney, Holter Graham,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The magical soaring adventure of a thirteen year old girl who adopts an orphaned flock of geese and teaches them to fly. Critically praised family fare!

Movie, Fly Away Home Movie,Fly Away Home Trailer,Fly Away Home 1996, Carroll Ballard,Dana Delany, Jeff Daniels, Anna Paquin, Terry Kinney, Holter Graham,
PT20S
sd
MovieID::::399
Is there any way i could watch it online?
3042 10 0 0 1
Grace Of My Heart Trailer 1996
Director: Allison Anders
Starring: Bruce Davison, Eric Stoltz, John Turturro, Matt Dillon, Patsy Kensit, Illeana Douglas

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

The fifteen year journey of Denise Waverly, a female singer/songwriter, whose experience in life and adventures in romance inspire her to craft the rich melodies that sustain a mini musical empire.

Movie, Grace Of My Heart Movie,Grace Of My Heart Trailer,Grace Of My Heart 1996, Allison Anders,Bruce Davison, Eric Stoltz, John Turturro, Matt Dillon, Patsy Kensit, Illeana Douglas
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::400
You see Hollywood you can produce something decent for a change! .Great acting  with Mathew and Patricia. Full of honesty rather than the crap we are so used to getting from Hollywood!
This movie looks horrible. I hope someday they make a movie on Feynman and its expansive personality that doesn't rely on turning it into a romantic cheesy flick.
broderick didnt age well
To infinity and beyond
The making of a quantum jew
This is my favorite physicist gone bad
comparing with 90th movies this is a 60th movie also the performance looks so bad
43428 127 9 0 9
Infinity Trailer 1996
Director: Matthew Broderick
Starring: Matthew Broderick, Patricia Arquette, Peter Riegert, Zeliko Ivanek, Dori Brenner, Peter Michael Goetz

Official Content From BMG

The true story of Richard Feynman, a brilliant physicist who helped to develop the atom bomb, and his passionate affair with a beautiful young woman. Broderick's critically praised directorial debut.

Movie, Infinity Movie,Infinity Trailer,Infinity 1996, Matthew Broderick,Matthew Broderick, Patricia Arquette, Peter Riegert, Zeliko Ivanek, Dori Brenner, Peter Michael Goetz
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::401
Great movie...the son got on my nerves, annoying lil fudger
My name is robinson
Free Live Sex Cam Show, Exclusive Unlimited Access:      BabeGirlsHere.BlogSpot------------------c0m
quiero ver esta pelicula en español como hago???
recuerdo que la vi cuando era un niño aun. (y)
i masturbated to this movie a lot
maria conchita alonso is in this flick-no other description needed!
youtube admin pls upload this movie as soon as possible....
Please Upload Full movie caught plllllss
Gostaria de ver o filme completo, onde vejo ?





this movie is damn hottttttttttttttttttttttttttttt.

Unfortunately, no.
I'm in this movie as an extra.. It was great shooting this movie and my scenes are when they are in the park with the World Trade Center in the background.  I got a chance to meet Edward James Olmos and he was really nice to work with..
Is the song on YouTube?
buena pelicula... atrevida y a la vez simple y directa
si puedes subir la pelicula completa por favor gracias
On that scene where they´re all dancing in the park, there´s a great song in the background called "I live to be free" or "Viva para ser libre", by Sheila Escovedo. Does anyone know where i can get that tune? It´s not in the OST album.
oh hottie please upload full movie caught


Great flick,  Sexy!   still have my VHS copy.


maria is dammmmmmmmmmn sexxxy!!!!!!


This was a good movie where can I find a copy
Great movie !
Simon me encanta la mamasita cuando se la cojen mmmmmmmmmmmmm mamasita me caso contigo tengo 23 años
1544079 626 194 0 29
trailer for the film
Edward Jame Olmos
PT1M30S
sd
MovieID::::402
Watched this back in 96 - bought the soundtrack immediately. Had no idea that Driving on 9 was an Ed's Redeeming Qualities song. I love the Breeders' version. Silicon Valley was years away; Ed's Next Move - starring a young Gavin Belson. Such a gem of a movie, mainly due to the soundtrack.
that's gavin belson from silicon valley lol
This song has gained an extra spookiness in the age of FOX 'news'
Ed's Redeeming Qualities in a film? I love when life does stuff like that.
I loved this film, esp. the music.
Oh, I can't believe someone said "Ed-head!" I'm so happy there are others. Thanks for this.
Thanks for this little jewel about Ed's Redeeming Qualities.  We remember him well here in the seacoast region of New Hampshire.  I'll be thinking Lawn Darts this 4th of July!
4124 42 3 0 7
If you're a Super-duper Ed-head, here's an extra scene:  http://tinyurl.com/akep7jw

Ed's Next Move was a micro-budgeted little romantic comedy that both Siskel and Ebert found charming, giving it two thumbs up.  My favorite indie band of the 90s appeared in it and here are all of their scenes and songs, plus the Siskel & Ebert review!
PT9M54S
sd
MovieID::::403
The whole movie is in the trailer, good job trailer guy, now I don't have to watch the movie
I woke up with this movie on my mind for some reason. I haven't seen or thought about this movie since the 90's.
My friend and I used to always make fun of Hugh and the way he says "Reeesearch" and laugh so hard.
Not really funny.
I just watched this today for the first time. This has to have the MOST 90s cast ever of supporting character actors.
Studying Economics must be made compulsory for Doctors. Gene Hackman with economic sense would be a better doctor showing empathy to humans suffering because their bone marrow is removed by him in this movie "extreme measures". He would come out with alternates like snake research or genetic research like oscorp.
17168 62 2 0 6
Extreme Measures Trailer 1996
Director: Michael Apted
Starring: David Morse, Gene Hackman, Hugh Grant, Sarah Jessica Parker, Debra Monk, Bill Nunn

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A crack emergency room doctor confronts a medical mystery that seems beyond his prodigious skills, but his search for an answer leads him into the dark frontiers of medical research... and into danger!

Movie, Extreme Measures Movie,Extreme Measures Trailer,Extreme Measures 1996, Michael Apted,David Morse, Gene Hackman, Hugh Grant, Sarah Jessica Parker, Debra Monk, Bill Nunn
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::404
It's interesting that the trailer shows some scenes that were not shown in the released version or even scenes which in the released version were shown shot from different angles. One such scene is the one at 0:34.
20064 19 0 0 2
estinvideo.blogspot.com
PT1M40S
sd
MovieID::::405
Great job! Better than the actual movie.
Mighty ducks was about the team, in
How anyone can stand this film's beyond me. I mean Emilio's hardly in it and to say that he's not a miracle man and only Charlie's moronic.
It`s good...I mean if you really made it all by your self....It`s really good:)
good but it needs something.this makes me wanna make one 2.hahaha
this is pretty good if you made it
62810 57 4 0 7
this is my fan made trailer of the 3rd mighty ducks movie i know its not the best and others can do better but i figure i give it a try and see what others think of it
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::406
Got less than 40 pages left i this book. Kinda drags at times but builds at the same time....the Whistler is my Fav Grisham book so far --- Hackman looks too young in this compared to how the book describes Sam
I've not read the novel but this adaptation feels like it's been tampered with. Regardless, Gene Hackman steals the film!
I heard that this was made in 1996 (24 Years Ago)
Was there a sound track for the movie?
Gene Hackman tried to carry this film to something serviceable but they butchered the source material so badly it is the worst film adaption of a Grisham book.
yeh insaniyat ya humanity ke liye fight hai
I never understood why people hated this adaptation of all the Grisham books I found this to be the closest to the book
Can anyone please tell me what the name of the music towards the end of the trailer is called??? Please Please Please
Hello all introduce my name Hastin Nuraini Jalan Lilin Mas 6 Dadaprejo Junrejo Batu East Java - Indonesia Tel: 62-81334887683 I love to write and have a series of short stories I want to sell a movie script for Hollywood And one day want to be a jury at the film festival Greetings from Indonesia
JUST FINISHED reading THE CHAMBER two days ago...... Could not stop reading it....Loved it....Hated for it to come to an end. It is not a book that I will soon, if ever, forget about. Can't wait to see the movie with my sister....  Read  A TIME TO KILL yrs. ago and, of course, I have seen the movie numerous times. Loved the book before I ever knew there was a movie....   and I love the movie...... I just started reading another novel by John Grisham, THE PELICAN BRIEF. Hard to get my mind off THE CHAMBER though.
The worst adaptation of the book! If you are reading the book don't watch the movie. Disappointing!!!
imo the movie disappoints a bit after i read the book
Chris O'Donnell still hot though, if he lose some weight:)
Oh Im so happy to found this cuz lm reading book  "The Chamber"
I'm reading the book.
full movie pls
Tonight 00:25 at Ard 1
88777 206 10 0 24
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

The Chamber (1996) Official Trailer - Chris O'Donnell, Gene Hackman Movie HD

A young man fresh out of law school tries to win a reprieve for his racist grandfather who is on death row.

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT2M34S
hd
MovieID::::407
My mama played Celia in this movie :-))
Do you know where this trailer? It is because it has a WALT DISNEY HOME VIDEO logo...
"Why are you standing on your toes like that?"

"Cuz I wanna stand on my toes. Now, get out of here!"
man i hope they really dont do something stupid and remake this movie
Im waching this movie right now.
Harry Morgan in great new bio (Charlton Heston: An Incredible Life: Revised Edition). The bio is at amazon for sale!
Thanks alot!
Can anyone find the song they played at the end of the movie.
"And they called them the Apple Dumpling Gang"
Eric, the name of that movie was called Bugsie Malone, featuring Scott (Chachie) Baio. Great flick!
"You two couldn't take candy away from a baby without comin' out on the short end!"
oo! i was hoping 'The Apple Dumpling Gang' was that late 70's early 80's gangsters/untouchables flick with an all kid cast. pie fight..(losts of pies actually)..anyone know what that movie was called? +)
96224 86 5 0 12
Trailer
PT45S
sd
MovieID::::408
Best movies ever made.
the TOWERING INFERNO was aired again on 05/02/80
I had such a crush on Kim Richards through most of my childhood and teenage years.
8802 28 1 0 3
Casey Kasem narrates back to back promos for premiere network broadcasts of the hit Disney science fiction adventure as well as the all-star disaster film classic.
PT41S
sd
MovieID::::409
This is a really good Disney film.
28236 52 3 0 2
Disney/Roadshow Home Video Australia Trailer for the film "The Love Bug" (1968).



This trailer is actually the original 1970s re-release of the film so that explains the reason why the voice over states that "Herbie is back" even though this was the first movie.



***Please don't comment on this to states "It's a release trailer" as it will show that you don't read the descriptions and will make you look stupid***



Sourced from the Disney/Roadshow Home Video release of "Donald Duck's Golden Jubilee" from 1984.
PT29S
sd
MovieID::::410
Where the Trailer Music of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea – Special Edition DVD (2003) Promo (VHS Capture)?
Taken From Inspector Gadget 2 2003 VHS
Coming Soon on DVD is So Rare
12758 23 1 0 4
Copyright of this video is not claimed by the retroVHStrailers channel. All rights retained by the copyright holder. The retroVHStrailers channel does not monetize this video.  This video is provided for archival purposes only. It will be removed if requested by contacting the retroVHStrailers channel.

Promo for "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea – Special Edition DVD (2003)" captured from the "Inspector Gadget 2 (2003)" VHS tape. This tape is labeled 28562 and released in (2003).
PT1M9S
sd
MovieID::::411
When's part 2 gonna be posted?
this was also filmed with a potato XD
80273 33 18 0 5
here is part 1 of winnie the pooh's second short film
PT6M1S
sd
MovieID::::412
They usd James honers willow theme
there is no date on this trailer
this should have been put on DVD as a bonus feature!
my favorite movie)))
amazing movie, way before its time
41176 42 3 0 5
This is the rare teaser trailer for the 1991 film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves.
PT1M22S
hd
MovieID::::413
5625 6 0 0 0
Network promos for entertainment offered on December 28th and 30th, 1986.
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::414
El libro muy bien, hasta una parte casi de las ultimas dónde habla de la madre que son varias y que no aportan nada a la historia :V.
Pero fuera de eso, el libro es una bestia, ideal para esos conspiranoicos.
Amazing book ar only around 100 pages; incredibly underrated film, except by the bunch that remade it as a padded BBC series.
tiffanytreadway4@gmail.com
One of the most astonishingly well written books I've ever come across. Really in a class by itself. It demands your full attention. There's more in one paragraph than in an entire novel's worth of descriptions. Found a 2 dollar paperback of it the other day, and I'm overwhelmed by it.
8365 22 1 0 6
The Secret Agent Trailer 1996
Director: Christopher Hampton
Starring: Bob Hoskins, Christian Bale, Gerard Depardieu, Jim Broadbent, Patricia Arquette,

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

Based on Joseph Conrad's intricate tale of spies and counterspies in late 19th century England, a young woman trapped in a marriage of convenience finds herself embroiled in an anarchist bombing conspiracy.

Movie, The Secret Agent Movie,The Secret Agent Trailer,The Secret Agent 1996, Christopher Hampton,Bob Hoskins, Christian Bale, Gerard Depardieu, Jim Broadbent, Patricia Arquette,
PT1M43S
sd
MovieID::::415
“My name’s Hortense Cumberbatch”
“That’s a funny name, innit?”

...bet no one’s ever said that to Benedict Cumberbatch.
how can her biological parents in the film end up being white, HOW RACIST!!!
Just amazing. Another Mike Leigh masterpiece
Fantastic movie. Highly recommended.
41491 40 5 0 6
Secrets And Lies Trailer 1996
Director: Mike Leigh
Starring: Timothy Spall, Brenda Blethyn, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Phyllis Logan, Claire Rushbrook,

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

When her adoptive parents die, a young black woman seeks out her birth mother, only to make an astounding discovery: Her mother is white. 1996 Best Picture and Best Actress Awards at Cannes Film Fest.

Movie, Secrets And Lies Movie,Secrets And Lies Trailer,Secrets And Lies 1996, Mike Leigh,Timothy Spall, Brenda Blethyn, Marianne Jean-Baptiste, Phyllis Logan, Claire Rushbrook,
PT32S
sd
MovieID::::416
Such a touching movie from my childhood...





You thought I was gonna say something perverted, but this is such an innocent movie, so I'll keep it clean.
1:45 “And by the way _LOOK BUZZ AN ALIEN!!!”_
I can't believe theirs nothing about  "The Oneders on the ed sullivan show"  I seen when i was about 12 years old..I am 56 years old now and there SET looked like the wonder bread wrapper...all the colors....why was it erased from history?
It's 2019 and this is still so good!
is this worth it ?
He looks like John Mayer
terrible trailer
Jennifer lawrence time traveler 1:28
Frank heffley from diary of a wimpy kid
I love this song and movie since 97...dreaming of being in a band...hey it's 2019
Rick Elias who helped write several songs for the film passed away yesterday from brain cancer!! You ought to check out his music as he was the best i think!! Confession of Love went to #4 on the charts and Rolling Stone mag put it in their top picks for 1990!! R.I.P.  brother...
This movie was one of the best movies I have seen in along time. My dad watches it all the time when I was little and I just watched it today again and I am so happy I did because it was the best!!
Am I the only one who notices that the guy who plays Guy Patterson  looks a little bit like Tom Hanks. I mean really you take a picture of him and put it next to a picture of Tom Hanks from the 1980s and it would be almost uncanny.
Watching in 2018
Come on, Faye... don't be a *bummer,* get with the *drummer!*
*1:52**-**1:53* left side of screen, black dress... *_LMFAOOO!!!_*
"Ladies and Gentlemen...put your hands together for-- the *O-need-ers!!"*
Love this movie!!
Am I the only guy who doesn't like this trailer? It sets the film up with Guy as the lead role, whereas the film itself is seemingly about the band as a whole until Guy emerges as the hero at the end.
Who’s watching in 2018!!??
It's very important you don't stink today. Hey, I make no guarantees
I asked my cousin if she had ever seen "That Thing You Do" and she said she wouldn't watch a lousy movie like that.  She then said she only watches cool movies, like movies with Liv Tyler in it.  I told her Liv Tyler IS in it.  I bet my douche bag cousin still hasn't seen the movie.  Too bad for her.  It is a great film.  One of the best moments in movie making history is when Liv hears "That Thing You Do" on the radio for the first time.
both frank heffleys in the movie
It's interesting other than the "my Jimmy" clip, the trailer leads people to believe Faye was with Guy from the beginning.
Trivia question: This movie features 2 actors who were later in one other Tom Hanks movie each. Which two actors and movies are they?
sexo de verdade nesse filme
one of the greatest musical moments in the history of movies in the 20th century.
that movie... inspired my childhood.. it touched me and still does in 2016
It Seems. Take A Bow! historical place What's your opinion about it !!!
when i first saw this in theater back in 96,and tom hanks appear..oh perfect..i saw brian epstein,the beatles manageer..
I only began to appreciate this movie when I turned older.
1:05 HAHAHAHA
i love this movie!! totally underrated
The talent show version of the song is the best version in the movie in my opinion.  Also, I noticed the one playing in the trailer is a bit different than in the movie.  I'd like to know if that version was ever released to the public.  Am I alone on that?
the extended cut was better. I don't know what hey were thinking when they took 40min off the movie.
This is so Beatle-copied..
Such an underated movie
When I get all my affairs in order, I'M going to be the next Mr. White!!! ^_^
dont watch the trailer, its the entire movie!
Hi There

What a wonderful Movie. Too bad Jimmy was too pigheaded to realise that they were meant for stardom. Tom Hanks deserves a gold medal for this Movie!!

Regards
Gerann
I found out about this movie when I heard N Sync singing the song that thing you do :) looks like a good movie
I honestly never had the first clue what this movie was about, just knew the title. Now that I know it is music related, I'm going on a worldwide search for the DVD
ridiculously underknown movie
sooo vanilla
When was the last time you were decently kissed? I mean,
truly, truly, good and kissed?
OMG Liv Tyler was so beautiful at 19
Robert Torti, I think. The Dad from Suite life of Zack and Cody
what a great movie
Excelente Musica, Excelente Tema, Excelente Grupo!!.
cool sounds like a fun music class!
Great movie, I watched it in music class!
tom from mcfly's tweet brought me here :P
i saw this movie in class once i like it
lamar is the man!!
who's in the blue suit in 1:35 plz any one know !!!!!???
Please, upload the full movie. I can't find it!
nice movie  o_O

no man ever since da vinci code (maybe even before) most of his movies have been more or less dissapointing and bland. of course he is getting older now, he's pushing 60 so most likely his best work is behind him. plus he's to imbedded in the industry and too political nowadays
everything he does i stil golden :)
Isnt this just like the beatles movie?
If not then i already watched the movie
Como a industria musical pode acabar como um sonho! rs
this takes place in my town!
Mr Hoyt is with Playtone Records?
he looks a lil like john mayer
such a great film!

These were the days...back when Tom Hanks was THE MAN and everything he did was golden..
ordered That Thing You Do Extended Version/Threatrical Version. I can not wait for it to come! This is my fav movie. Prob because my mom said she watched it like ten times when she was pregnant with me. lol. and she said she watched after  i was born. I AM SPARTICUS
best movie ever !
does anyone know the link for the whole movie on youtube?
@LivTaylorSite Cool! Do you know Liv Tyler?
If You love Liv Taylor then Come to my channel and sub .. I'm Liv Taylor ..

i loved the part when they were screaming so happy because their song was on the radio !:D
i watched this film today and the song is just stuck in my head :D
I LOVE THAT THING YOU DO!
Watched this last year, I loved it!
My science teacher is the guy on the right bobbing his head at 0:39 :DDD
really nice film. takes my back to my childhood
Got any 3's ??? Looks like Lennie is goin fishing
@icelee123 yeah you ruined it for me too, Way to go.

"hey. i make no promises." LOL~!!!!
@icelee123 Well thanks for ruining the ending. FFS I hate when people do that.
A real feel good film.
I love this movie! the music was grew, i hope to make a movie with good music like this someday!
@nessanoo693 it was on at my grocery store tonight also. Made me remember the countless times I watched this movie when I was soooo little.
i cried when she died in the end.. :(

Liv Tyler looks absolutely gorgeous in this movie
maaaassssssssaa ;D
Tom Hanks would be great as Brian Epstein
@spareone2 ya he did the same for 'larry crowne' the muvi tht released this month


I don't get why whenever you see something about that thing you do the first person that is mentioned is Liv. She's only a minor character and ya she adds a lot to the plot but her character is actually pretty boring.
Love the Movie... love the song... Love you! :)
@spareone2 I didn't know either! That was totally awesome too!
@xpal16x, yeah you can buy the movie. Imagine that, purchasing a movie instead of watching it in bits and pieces on youtube ... hmmm ... novel idea, Yeah?
so underrated movie, I love it, love Liv also
ohhh, i didnt know this was written and directed by tom hanks! wow, so he wrote, directed and acted in this. crazy!!!
913085 1412 38 0 179
Trailer for the film That Thing You Do!.
PT2M30S
sd
MovieID::::417
10971 3 0 0 0

PT29S
sd
MovieID::::418
6098 15 2 0 0
Beautiful Things Trailer 1996
Director: Hettie MacDonald
Starring: Linda Henry, Glen Barry, Glen Berry, Scott Neal, Ben Daniels, Tameka Empson

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

A new and different take on the old tale of young love triumphant against all odds. 'Refreshingly spunky and unsentimental,' Village Voice.

Movie, Beautiful Things Movie,Beautiful Things Trailer,Beautiful Things 1996, Hettie MacDonald,Linda Henry, Glen Barry, Glen Berry, Scott Neal, Ben Daniels, Tameka Empson
PT1M42S
sd
MovieID::::419
I have my badge you don't nice to meet you iam Charlie
Let's meet Russia iam waiting Tick Tock Russian FBI spy's our government wants all of you die screaming bitches best movie
Samuel Jackson's interview with GQ led me here.
Geena Davis is the only woman of power in Holywood.
Tessa Thompson: Valkyrie IS ONLY CAPTAIN MARVEL
Beautiful Movie,, both Samuel and Geena Davis Makes this movie rock..
Came here from GQ undercover with my dude Samuel L Jackson
I've watched this movie a thousand times and never understood it until now. I always thought I missed the beginning of it.
Action movies from the 1990-1999 are the best in my opinion. This movie is great, Top 10 easy.
"Are you really that stupid or did you take lessons?!"
" I took lessons! "
GREAT THE LONG KISS GOODNIGHT 1996 TRAILER !!!
My only question is how is this a Christmas movie if they released it in October?
Oh fewy I burned the darned muffins!- The Long Kiss Goodnight
What song is that at 1:58?
This movie is a classic In my opinion! Sam Jackson is golden! lol
That CSI intro music though..
This movie is on my List for top 5 best action movies ever made...
44508 109 6 0 24

PT2M26S
sd
MovieID::::420
Looking for Richard is a very good film. The trouble with it is, that it's basically a  two hour "Making of...." featurette. Imagine my disappointment, when I couldn't find the full film of Richard the 3rd, starring Pacino, anywhere. Because there isn't any.
Richard is not lost.  just do the play and submit to the critiques like everyone else.
A great film. It should probably watched with Ian McKellen's version of Richard III which came out the same year I believe.
One of the most brilliant concepts ever done on film...it got some praise, but it deserves even more
You must be new here.
More like "Looking at Al Pacino"
can anybody tell al pacino that finally they have found richard? ;-)
Donde puedo descargarla para verla?
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch!
DNA confirmed! It is Richard the Third!

They've found him! Under a car park in Leicester, England!
And now they've found him. Archaeologists thin they have found his body and are waiting for DNA results to confirm it.
I remember watching this when I was younger. A real wonderful look into both acting and the Bard.
truly said! Richard the third best fucking Shakespeare's play ever.
131354 256 8 0 16
Al Pacino's deeply-felt rumination on Shakespeare's significance and relevance to the modern world through interviews and an in-depth analysis of "Richard III."
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::421
3136 12 0 0 0
The Proprietor: Sean Young as Virginia Kelly. The Proprietor is a 1996 film. It is a U.S.-French co-production Merchant Ivory film, directed by Ismail Merchant for Jeanne Moreau's request.

Ize DVD: http://www.ize-stuff.com/dvd.html

Movie Prop Replicas: http://prop-replica.weebly.com/
PT2M33S
sd
MovieID::::422
no encuentro la peli  alguien tiene el link de la peli completa?? gracias..
yo compré el dvd en walmart, después de haberla visto en tv. me encanta esta película. Por Luke y Ashley, y la historia esta buena también.
Los buenos tiempos en que en Fox pasaban películas independientes.
I love this movie. It was a proof that normal life doesn't exist no matter we try to make it sound normal, we're only making it worse.
Oooh your so clever burn.

I live in the area when movie was  filmed  so  cool
ashley's HOT
@Tobruk42 I really liked the movie, I feel bad for poor Chris he was hard working honest cop, who was in love with some self-destructive bitch, I think if he'd met a nice normal girl he would've been fine
I haven't seen this movie yet, but it looks like another modern-day Bonnie & Clyde flick. I am not saying this makes it a bad movie, but everyone should know by now how that hard, fast-living, crime-riddled relationship between Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow ended.
Watch "In The Line Of Duty: Blaze of Glory" staring Bruce Campbell

It's the same movie(Just about a year older) and its way better.
If you haven't seen this cool flick, you're missing a lot!   Based on an unbelievable true story about a husband and wife bank robbing team.
If she had not wanted to join in, he would never have been caught/
They are in real life

Jeffrey Erickson

Jill Cohen Erickson

she was the adopted[ one of two] adopted daughters of:

Fran & Carl Cohen

CHICAGO

If anybody can find some real pictures of JEFF & JILL Erickson please put a video of them up here at YOU TUBE
good guy + crazy bitch = one.fucking.great.movie. you cheap ass fuckers asking where you can find this film can buy the dvd! get sick of reading whiney ass postings from freeloaders who want someone to upload shit to youtube.
I can't find anything on the real people

Jeff Erickson

and Jill erickson?

anybody know where to find real pics of them??
"Normal Life" is one of the most underrated movies in history.  It's a great film.
I loved this movie too - its online on someof the video streaming sites :) Not the most well known movie but definately great watch.
Dude,  Anyone who knows of this movie ..... tell your friends...  A MUST SEE...  I'm from streamwood that shit Really  happened!!!!
42187 58 4 0 21
Original trailer for the movie Normal Life.



Release Date:

25 October 1996 (USA)



http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117202/



One of my all time favorite movies. The story is based on true events that happen in the western suburbs of Chicago.



I was growing up in the northwest suburbs of Chicago while all these events were taking place and recognize many of the shooting locations throughout the film.
PT1M21S
sd
MovieID::::423
Gq smoove like a muh fucka
The same year Spike Lee directed Girl 6.
8979 57 4 0 2
Get On The Bus Trailer 1996
Director: Spike Lee
Starring: Andre Braugher, Charles S. Dutton, Ossie Davis, Richard Belzer, Thomas Jefferson Byrd, Gabriel Casseus

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Twenty very different men travel by bus from L.A. to Washington D.C. as the comedy of a classic road movie meets the controversy of the history making Million Man March. Critically praised.

Movie, Get On The Bus Movie,Get On The Bus Trailer,Get On The Bus 1996, Spike Lee,Andre Braugher, Charles S. Dutton, Ossie Davis, Richard Belzer, Thomas Jefferson Byrd, Gabriel Casseus
PT2M29S
sd
MovieID::::424
1286 3 0 0 0

PT1M43S
sd
MovieID::::425
I wonder who my Romeo will be
:o
:o
:o
:o
Rami and Jules? :)
Hand me my longsword, ho!
I really like the way they met but I don't understand why William Shakespeare stories always had terrible deaths. I learnt about Romeo and Juliet so many times but I never got bored of it because is such a good movie and that's why I love it and it is my favourite
I saw this movie in theaters when I was 12 I was blown away.
im in 9thgrade and in English class we are watching the movie and reading the play I LOVE ROMEO he is so gorgeous
I miss this movie. When we were highschool my friends and I watched this over and over. Im still inlove with this movie.
Mine is titanic and romeo and Juliet
Can't believe he hasn't won an oscar yet.
This is atrocious.
Romeo and Juliet: the love story that isn't.
I think he says: "Well Juliet, I will lie down with you tonight."
I love this movie! can anyone write here what Romeo says at the end of this trailer pliis?? sorry i'm spanish and i don't understand it

You have to appreciate Baz Lurhmann to like this.  And he is one of those people you either love or hate.
To me, this will always be one of the most beautiful films ever.
q asen mi sositos

So amazing ..
the 2013 version looks way better. like wtf is this???? romeo and Juliet this seems horrible.
Can ne1 tell me who uploaded the whole movie.. I would like to see it.
After the top two comments saying it wasn't great I just want to say.

I god damn love this movie and Baz luhrmann's direction!
Best romeo and juliet EVER!
my favorit version, always
the capulet car was so fucking epicly kick ass
I love this movie, it was so wacky and beautiful at the same time.  Yes the lines could've been recited better but it is hard to do Shakespeare in the modern world and pull it off.  Somehow they did.  I loved that they made it sound a little like spoken word at times.
awesome isn't it

Try the 1954 version. Its my personal favorite.
so im watching this in English class, the making out scene comes on....talk about awkward.
i watched this movie with my class.. soo awkward...
"Give me my longsword, ho!"

I remember being forced to watch this in grade 9...at first I hated it SO GOD DAMN MUCH, but it eventually grew on me.
wait !!! WAIT WAIT WAIT !!! there was a black guy in the movie !! im not trying to be racist here =-=
Read the play in english class, then watched the 1968 movie, then watched this... I love Leonardo DiCaprio.. But this movie.. It was odd ._. But I liked the ending a whole lot better than the 1968 version :D
@Sh4d0wQu33n I watched it in english class too
@EVILDASDINGO i didn't understand a single thing you wrote there fella...
173831 325 8 0 44
Romeo +Juliet (1996) Official Movie trailer with Leonardo Dicaprio and Claire Danes
PT1M35S
sd
MovieID::::426
This movie along with spun kept me wanting to live my life right saw this movie as a pre-teen
I pretty much discovered this movie like everyone discovers cool stuff, 2:30 am stoned flipping through the channels and caught the middle and got hooked in. Great film.
did this video by request, the film itself is a hard sell to be honest!
no,,,,thank you so much!
hope you had a great Easter Cathy!
He is her brother and also the brother of Patricia Arquette, thank you Mirko!
...thanks for the send Craig, I like these slice of life movies that are earthy and full of sex and drugs...like "My Own Private Idaho"...hehehe when I saw that some guy brought his young daughter and her friend, he walked out with them during the opening scene....great job on this as usual...I didn't know about this film....thanks again....
Cool tribute Craig! thank you!
Happy Easter!
Cathy:))
This movie looks good as hell. Nice work.
Craig I've never heard of this film. The name of David Arquette, makes me think of the most famous Rosanna Arquette. :) The music is compelling and captures the images of video.
Happy Easter to you too Monica!
glad u thought it wasn't bad!
Yeah he actually acted in this!
WOW I don't know this movie but I think your video is just brilliant Craig! Happy Easter to everyone!!
Great movie & job
I've seen this movie a long time ago. I didn't particularly like it. Maybe because it was too gritty for my taste. But your video of it wasn't bad.
This is a side of Arquette I've not seen on the silver screen before!
17986 48 6 0 20
Johns (styled as johns) is a 1996 American drama film starring David Arquette ,Lukas Haas, Elliot Gould, Terrence Howard, Richard Kind and Kieth David, directed by Scott Silver. Arquette and Haas portray hustlers who work Santa Monica Boulevard. The title refers both to the slang term for a sex client and to several characters in the film named John (including Arquette's).



Johns was one of several films dealing with this subject matter that were released in 1996. Others included Skin & Bone (in which Arquette had a cameo as a client) and Hustler White.



Song is "Weightless"by All-Time Low



THIS VIDEO IS FOR EDUCATIONAL VIEWING PURPOSES ONLY AND NOT FOR SALE, UNDER THE FAIR USE ACT.This video "Compilation" is protected by copyright, Title 17, Ch 1, section 103. The copyright in this Compilation extends only to the material assembled and arranged by the author, and does not imply any exclusive right in the preexisting material. Allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. This video may not be reproduced or sold.



Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use
PT3M20S
sd
MovieID::::427
good noir film. lot's of shadow's, lot's of smoking. features three leads named bob.
6949 9 1 0 1
Homicide Capt. Finlay finds evidence that one or more of a group of demobilized soldiers is involved in the death of Joseph Samuels. In flashbacks, we see the night's events from different viewpoints as Sergeant Keeley investigates on his own, trying to clear his friend Mitchell, to whom circumstantial evidence points. Then the real, ugly motive for the killing begins to dawn on both Finlay and Keeley...
PT57S
sd
MovieID::::428
15689 70 1 0 1
Murder My Sweet, based on the Raymond Chandler novel Farewell, My Lovely, featured a then-controversial choice of Dick Powell to play the famous Philip Marlowe. Previously, Dick Powell was known only for comedies and musicals, so his appearance in a film noir makes Murder My Sweet an especially unique choice for your mystery collection. His name is Phillip Marlowe, and for the right price, this private eye will follow an unfaithful husband, find a missing bankroll, or spy on a suspicious neighbor. When he's drawn into a complex web of murder, blackmail and double-dealing, the result is the quintessential film-noir—the one that set the standard for the noir genre.
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::429
5665 18 0 0 1

PT1M44S
sd
MovieID::::430
Russell forever the best.
No there is no Air Raid. This very good film is about a fictional romance during training in the very real British Commonwealth Air Training Plan in Canada which trained out 167,000 Aircrew in WWII. Google BCATP.
Can you please tell me, does this film have an air raid, with lots of planes dropping bombs to the theme of the classical piece of music: Pachelbel's Canon in D? It's bugging me, I saw a film with that scene in when I was younger, and this film fit's the bill - right topic (war film), and listed on IMDB as having Canon in D on it. Thanks.
I have this movie taped on videocassette. Cant find it on DVD.
@Flickchaser Yes man, I saw it like 4 months ago, It was like 5:00 Am, and I couldn't sleep, so I decided to turn on the TV, and lucky for me I found this film, unfortunately I didn't catch it from the beginning, I caught it from the scene they're in the beach and a plane pass above them very close, So it wasn't necessary to see the whole thing to be amazed by this great film, and I'm pretty sure this movie will gonna be forever in my mind.
Bye man.
This early Russell Crowe,Christianne Hirt  film is worth your time. It covers a lot of emotional ground and targets being judgemental of others who desperate to escape lonliness sometimes make decisions for the moment not considering the future effect. Personal accountability for our lives does not escape being addressed or the damage we can do to others. Pachelbel's Cannon pulls you in ever deeper. Many will never see this one but those who do will not soon forget it.
31590 63 4 0 6
Trailer for the 1993 film For The Moment starring Russell Crowe & Christianne Hirt.  Check out my review of this film at:
http://www.commonsensemoviereviews.blogspot.com/2010/04/for-moment-1993.html
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::431
I agree with Michael Aronson below. John Bailey is taken out of essay context, and doesn't go far enough to explain how Freddy Francis (and his camera operator Ronnie Taylor) created such unforgettable images for Jack Clayton. Nor does Bailey suggest how this perfectly judged photography allowed the actors to inhabit their parts.
These are some pretty stupid observations.
It's a beautiful shot, but other than a few words about the character's excitement, what is he actually saying about the shot? What is the shot conveying, and what does it mean for her daughter to disappear for the duration of the shot?
8084 100 0 0 3
The Innocents is out now on Criterion Blu-ray/DVD: http://www.criterion.com/films/28569-the-innocents
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::432
alternative sense of humour
god bless kevin kline.
also, check out French Kiss, starring Meg Ryan (Top Gun) and Kevin Kline (Silverado). if you haven't seen it, go buy it on dvd.
Loved this movie.
@LickMyComment
yeah it kinda is...isn't it ;(
Hi, I'm Harvey Manfrenjensenden...
I don't like the way that man says 'Comedy', it's almost sinister.
@SkibopDaSequel Humour transplants have not been discovered yet - you're just gonna have to wait. Alternatively, try seeing the movie.
@2elisah; Thanks for having my back on this one. The entire world is nuts, besides you and me. And just between you and me, I am borderline! Ha, Ha, Ha!
Now let's go have some good Belgian beer and talk about how Belgium became so popular, and why everybody wanted her for their very own...
@caseypons you're absolutely right! :)
@thmspierson totally agree!!!!!
All my favourite quotes are in this trailer! I apply them in my everyday life, especially "Are you totally deranged??!!" - an - albeit silent - question befitted to be posed to so many...:-)
@thmspierson; Sadly enough the two other repliers don't share your view, but I do!
Comic genius at it's finest. Curtis, Cleese, Kline & Palin are absolutely brilliant!
73556 71 2 0 14
Trailer for Charles Crichton's film
PT1M24S
sd
MovieID::::433
I’m glad that the comments tell me what happened in the video I just watched
Who's here because of TSOL?
The movie turns 40 today!
Amazing it got so much controversy and criticism at the time
But it’s a comedy that’s its purpose
Always look on the brighter side of life ya know?
conspiracy and propaganda at its finest....congrats
Isn’t it funny that I had an ad about Life Of Brian before this?
I got an advert for Life of Brian 40th anniversary cinema teaser on this which confused me a great deal
This is I think the most epic comical premise in the mistaken identity genre. Timeless, classic, genius! Monty Python rocks! I hope one day I can write something like this. :)
FYI the "trailers" that was made for this film on radio is much funnier. They got Michael Palin's dentist and John Cleese's mother telling people to go watch Life of Brian.
man, trailers in the 70's sure were somethin
Pwease  subskwibe...pwease!
Always look at the bright side of life! *_whistles_*
Percy Rodriguez has a fantastic voice for trailers
"In those days, getting stoned wasn't against the law, it _was_ the law."
If this film came out tomorrow and didn't have the Monty Python name on it:

"Eh it was OK." "Seen it before, seen it done better." "Terrible acting." "Nothing happened until the final act." "Nothing special."
"I was blind....now I can see!" *falls into hole*
This movie film was amazing, great work! So much better then the shit being made today.
As usual Jews "hell customers" are  behind
"all I said was that piece of halibut was good enough for Jehovah"
Terry Jones brought a lot of joy and laughter to my life... I hope he finds a lot of love and support. Dementia sucks, but this man is a legend still alive.
Lordfriki....
For those that didn't get it, Bryan is actually Jesus.
Best quote in any movie "He's not the messiah, he's a very naughty boy"
I could tell it's Percy Rodriguez doing the narration for the trailer.
Is that Morgan Freeman narrating the trailer?
Brilliant movie :) Timeless classic
"in those days, getting stoned wasn't against the law... it was the law!" hahahhaha
"He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy!"
Biggus Dikkus
He wasn't the messiah he was a very naughty boy! LMAO Absolute Classic
481026 804 62 0 54
Please subscribe to our second channel: http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=GoingVisual
Monty Python delivers the group's sharpest and smartest satire of both religion and Hollywood's epic films.  Set in 33 A.D. Judea where the exasperated Romans try to impose order, it is a time of chaos and change with no shortage of messiahs and follwers willing to belive in them.  At its center is Brian Cohen, born in Bethleham in a stable next door, who, by a series of absurd circumstances is caught up in the new religion and reluctantly mistaken for the promised messiah, providing ample opportunity for the entire ensemble (Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones and Michael Palin) to shine in mulitple roles as they question everyone and everything from ex-lepers, Pontius Pilate and haggling to revolutionaries, crazy prophets, religious fanaticism, Roman centurions and crucifixion, forever changing our biblical view.
PT2M51S
hd
MovieID::::434
Posta o filme completo...
The voice over  sounds like the guy who did all the Disney home VHS promos back in the 90's
@mrgiosb123 KIRO
What CBS Affiliate Was The Cal Worthington Ad On?
3506 13 1 0 4
A promo for the 1985 network premiere of Blake Edwards' hit comedy, starring Julie Andrews and James Garner.
PT54S
sd
MovieID::::435
1421 22 0 0 0
http://www.trailersfromhell.com
PT3M45S
hd
MovieID::::436
Wacky Racers cartoon based on this I think.
One of the great comedy movie ever made! U should see this!
4277 14 1 0 2
The Great Race Trailer 1965
Director: Blake Edwards
Starring: George Macready, Jack Lemmon, Keenan Wynn, Natalie Wood, Peter Falk, Tony Curtis

Official Content From Warner Home Video

A dastardly villain, a noble hero, a spirited suffragette and lots Edwards slapstick and silliness are the competitors in a New York to Paris auto race circa 1910.

Movie, The Great Race Movie,The Great Race Trailer,The Great Race 1965, Blake Edwards,George Macready, Jack Lemmon, Keenan Wynn, Natalie Wood, Peter Falk, Tony Curtis
PT2M53S
sd
MovieID::::437
Happy Birthday to the late Arthur Penn.9-27-22.PA
What a wonderful guy he seems to have been.
I remember seeing Bonnie and Clyde when I was 13

I was changed forever, I dont know why. I said I must

be a director, of course I didnt become one.

I wish I had listened to myself, buts its always

about who you know and money.


And I would like to add the also late and Great John Frankenheimer to this list of

Magnificent Immortals, who once justifiably stated:



"Any Director who says he wasn't influenced by Hitchcock, is off his head."


One of Arthur Penn's quotes vividly springs to mind after all these times:



"I direct, by Not directing." On which interview he said those words I can't recall, but they were powerful enough to stuck by me after all these years. And another

great thing about Directors like Arthur Penn, and the likes of Don Siegel, Martin

Ritt, Hal Ashby, Stuart Rosenberg and George Roy Hill is their endearing enthusiasm and their LOVE for CINEMA. Which was evidently up there on the screen. PURE AND GREAT!


He was an amazing director of films and of theatre. When I met Estelle Parsons, she spoke great praise of him. Even as early as The Miracle Worker, he brought such social awareness to movies that played into the life of his films. Rest In Peace.
@peacemonger1967 well THAT's embarrasing! and im a big movie trivia nerd. i swear i read that somewhere years ago!!! seriously!! it must have been an inaccurate article. weird
Arthur Penn is not Sean Penn`s father. Sean Penn is the son of director Leo Penn, who was mostly a TV director...do an IMDB@casspezz
wow- sean penn has so many of his dad's mannerisms!!!
A great loss! His films will always be seen and admired!
Thank you Arthur for giving the world such great works of art like "Bonnie & Clyde", "The Miracle Worker" and "Little Big Man". Loved those films, loved "Alice's Restraunt", loved what you done for the art of film and giving American film a new edge, a new format, a new way of doing film. Your work will always be timeless.
10576 53 2 0 14
Director Arthur Penn talks about Warren Beatty's encouragement to have him direct BONNIE AND CLYDE as well as the experience of making the film and its social impact.



AFI FACEBOOK APP:

http://apps.facebook.com/afiytapp/



CONNECT WITH AFI:

http://twitter.com/AmericanFilm

http://AFI.com/members

http://facebook.com/AmericanFilmInstitute
PT2M57S
sd
MovieID::::438
The last line

“I must go down to the seas again, to the vagrant gypsy life,
To the gull’s way and the whale’s way where the wind’s like a whetted knife;
And all I ask is a merry yarn from a laughing fellow-rover,
And quiet sleep and a sweet dream when the long trick’s over.”
— John Masefield, Sea-Fever (1902)
Aside of the narration, it's pretty enjoyable.
Gostaria de assistir o filme Oriund alguém me ajuda?
More of a teaser trailer than the official full length three minutes or so version. Could do with being a lot brighter as it was on the actual 35mm version.
89348 166 20 0 6
Trailer
PT1M44S
sd
MovieID::::439
Who watching 2019
I love the fact that all of his movies are packed with charming sick fucks.
Who’s watching in 2018?
Question, why is this a red band trailer?
someone please answer
Why are all the Reservoir Dogs clips on this channel blocked?
Read the captions. They're incredible.
How exactly is this a red band trailer?
Drinking game: Drink one shot of vodka each time someone says 'fuck' or 'fucking' in this movie.
Steve Buscemi is a great actor. He stole Fargo for sure.  The old in and out!!  Ha!
Other than the red preview card at the beginning, how is this different from the other trailer?
Great movie, great trailer!
Steve Buscemi's acting in this was outstanding.
Steve Buscee-mee
Walter WHITE and Jesse PINKman
WHY IS JOE'S NAME MR. BLONDE GOD DAMN IT.
Not for forget: Sally Menke!
Chris penn isnt mr blonde
stuck in the middle with you fuck, I love that song
How many dicks is that?
Allot.
LOL what the hell is up with the captions?
Stuck in the Middle with You
But Mr. Blonde shot the black woman, not Mr. Orange...
Im gonna watch this movie tonight !! Wish me luck guys :D
I DDNT LIKE THE MOVIE AT ALL

ONLY THE ENDING WAS OK
Is that just your personal opinion, or have multiple people thought of it that way. Interesting though, adds a whole lot of dimension to the movie.
Chris Penn just pisses me off in this movie....put on a fucking suit like everyone else. sheeesh
The Subtitles are like a off topic commentart going on during the trailer.
To me this movie was an absolute masterpiece, completely entertaining/engaging. A personal favorite of mine :)
oh my god the subtitles are fucking hilarious turn them on

I could've seen Samuel L. Jackson playing the character named Holdaway who teaches Tim Roth a.k.a. Mr. Orange how to sell a story undercover.
I saw this in a small theater during it's first run. Cool seeing it on the big screen.
The original grand theft auto of the 90s:)
Everyone knows Joe and Eddie
@TrueIronMaidenFan actually the old man and guy not wearing a suit are father and son, also they are both associated with Michael Madsen's character. Have you seen the movie?
technicly its 8 strangers
Bang, Pchiu,Poc, Pac  - sorry for spoilers
236966 673 24 0 49
Reservoir Dogs movie clips: http://j.mp/1CMfp8A
BUY THE MOVIE: http://amzn.to/uGyjAE
Don't miss the HOTTEST NEW TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u2y6pr

CLIP DESCRIPTION:
After a simple jewelery heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.

FILM DESCRIPTION:
In 1992, Reservoir Dogs transformed Quentin Tarantino practically overnight from an obscure, unproduced screenwriter and part-time actor to the most influential new filmmaker of the 1990s. The story looks at what happens before and after (but not during) a botched jewelry store robbery organized by Joe Cabot (Lawrence Tierney). Mr. White (Harvey Keitel) is a career criminal who takes a liking to newcomer Mr. Orange (Tim Roth) and enjoys showing him the ropes. Mr. Pink (Steve Buscemi) is a weaselly loner obsessed with professionalism. Mr. Blonde (Michael Madsen) has just gotten out of jail after taking the rap on a job for Cabot; he's grateful for the work but isn't the same person he used to be. While Mr. Blonde goes nuts during the heist, the thieves are surprised by the sudden arrival of the police, and Mr. Pink is convinced one of their team is a cop. So who's the rat? What do they do about Mr. Blonde? And what do they do with Mr. Orange, who took a bullet in the gut and is slowly bleeding to death? Reservoir Dogs jumps back and forth between pre- and post-robbery events, occasionally putting the narrative on pause to let the characters discuss such topics as the relative importance of tipping, who starred in Get Christie Love!, and what to do when you enter a men's room full of cops carrying a briefcase full of marijuana.

CREDITS:
TM & © Lionsgate (1992)
Cast: Kirk Baltz, Edward Bunker, Steve Buscemi, Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, Tim Roth, Quentin Tarantino, Lawrence Tierney
Director: Quentin Tarantino
Producers: Lawrence Bender, Richard N. Gladstein, Monte Hellman, Harvey Keitel, Ronna B. Wallace
Screenwriters: Quentin Tarantino, Roger Avary

The MOVIECLIPS channel is the largest collection of licensed movie clips on the web. Here you will find unforgettable moments, scenes and lines from all your favorite films. Made by movie fans, for movie fans.

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MOVIE CHANNELS:
MOVIECLIPS: http://bit.ly/1u2yaWd
ComingSoon: http://bit.ly/1DVpgtR
Indie & Film Festivals: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Hero Central: http://bit.ly/1AMUZwv
Extras: http://bit.ly/1u431fr
Classic Trailers: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Pop-Up Trailers: http://bit.ly/1z7EtZR
Movie News: http://bit.ly/1C3Ncd2
Movie Games: http://bit.ly/1ygDV13
Fandango: http://bit.ly/1Bl79ye
Fandango FrontRunners: http://bit.ly/1CggQfC

HIT US UP:
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1y8M8ax
Twitter: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Pinterest: http://bit.ly/14wL9De
Tumblr: http://bit.ly/1vUwhH7
PT2M5S
hd
MovieID::::440
ayudenme a encontrar una pelicula con forest whitaker
Platoon vs Top Gun in the same year 1986
This trailer makes Oliver Stone seem vain. Anyway, Full Metal Jacket is waaay better.
Medical marijuana
I have to disagree about the voice over guy.... im pretty sure the deer hunter and apocalypse now were the first real films about the Vietnam war
They got Elias!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9GSkLS1o9I
Masterpiece!
One day america will be invaded like they did to many countries .
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mosquito
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mosquito
Hell is truth seen to late
hmmm,   ,  as before  untill now USA still invade other countries.
WHY ????
Thank you guys for your sacrifice to our great country and I’m sorry for the way you got treated when you came back and I’m sorry for the way you got lied to and fucked over by the government. You’re always my heroes!
The 1980s.Best Movies Ever
Really powerful film
ApacheIroquois
the US lost the war alright what now?
StukaWhirlwind Corsair
French

Micheal Portillo
Edward Seaga
LightningNatterBf109
not a damn trailer
have a good Memorial day everyone
A pretty accurate portrayal of a combat infantryman's  daily life in the 25th Infantry Division circa 1967 or so...The actions, lingo, scenes give me chills and could only have been accomplished by a Director that was in the Field.   A movie that opened the eyes of many Americans even though they had mixed feelings about the war....Very sad for friends that did not make it back with me.  I was fortunate....... 2/12th Infantry, 25th Infantry Division, Oct 1967- Oct 1968, Eleven Bravo.
My fifth grade teacher was a vietnam vet and I respect the shit out of him.
Rhah is in my top 5 characters. He's so intense yet neutral in almost every situation(to Barnes when he's about to kill Chris) "Don't do it man that's 10 years you'll climb the walls!"  The kind of fellow american you would want by your side b/c he has a heartsoul, he's logical and a badass. I wonder if that end scene when he's waving goodbye to Chris , where he raises his rifle and does a primalistic war roar was improv..one of the great movies
I miss my buddies and the good and bad times we have during our combat deployment.
I don/t like Oliver's tone.
Great movie about a terrible war, not just for Americans but for Australians and no doubt the people of Vietnam. So proud of my Father who is a vet and dealt with he experiences for years. Bless you all!
PS.I only noticed at the end - right at the moment of the credits - that there were names here like Johnny Depp or Forest Whitaker in it!...It is incredible how many future cinema-LEGENDS are in this movie!...Charlie Sheen, Willem Dafoe and - to be honest - this is probably the BEST interpretation of Tom Berenger. Most of his movies he plays characters that are almost "laughable, but HERE HE IS REALLY SCARY! - Stone choose the actor to play this role well (I wonder BY WHOM WAS THIS "CHARACTER INSPIRED?? :) ) - and must have schooled him well, too. This is the only movie where I see Berenger not only "scary", but almost "trascendental" - like he was Death himself - the "EPITHOMY OF WAR" - the perfect Killing machine, with no feeling, conscience or fear - like the "Pale Rider" himself.
This is one of those "never able to forget" movies - a piece of LIVING HISTORY!...
Great movie, "Adgio For Strings" fit this film PERFECTLY, for the haunting scenery & storytelling.
damn look at the casts for this film, I guess Oliver Stone really had an eye for talent
what is the song in the trailer
Oliver Stone should make a movie with Charlie Sheen again.
When the machine breaks down, we break down.
Its not too late to do something about the war in vietnam see platoon and understand
should've been a great movie. why did they put charlie in it? that cunt belongs to comedy crap. if they replace charlie with rutger hauer, the movie'd have been epic like a real adult movie not some kid movie with a clown.
Probably the best movie trailer ever, no all capital words flashing across the screen.
Who can forget the glory of the American empire as it killed a million or so people in a country that didn't threaten us at all? What a truly worthwhile, noble endeavor Vietnam was.  And look what we learned from our imperial war overseas: Absolutely nothing.
This movie does not seem serious with the music in this trailer.. Is it good and is it serious? Showing the dark sides of the war in Vientnam? If not, I am looking for a BRILLIANT Vietnam war movie with no silly songs and serious actors.
Thank you - Mr K
Lol. Have you even seen this movie? It is the complete opposite of pro-US propaganda
1:35 "the first real movie about the war in Vietnam is Platoon"
Umm, Apocalypse Now?
I just saw this movie for the first time today. One of the best war movies I've ever seen.
Such a good movie Willem Dafoe needs like a bunch of oscars for it
This is by far one of the greatest movies ever created in the entire world.
One of my favorite movies of all time. I grew up watching this since my dad was in the Vietnam war. It kinda gave me a glimpse of what he had to go through. I always cry watching this movie.
this trailer deserves an oscar
which the start sound
Had this on DVD for years. Just watched it tonight with my 13 year old son. He said it was "boring" and "nothing happen in it".....? Nothing happened?? Fuckin kids today eh!!
IS THIS ROY ORBISON´S VOICE?
I dare you to name a better more realistic war movie than this
I love this movie having been in the army. Enlisted men associate with their platoon. Directors usually write for larger units like Company (Easy Company), Regiment, Brigades (Charge of the Light Brigade) or even massed Armies (the Longest Day). The average enlisted man does not associate with large groups like "the Regiment" or even the Division (like the 101st). That is for officers. The men understand the Platoon. That is where their buddies are. Officers look down on the platoon and consider it cannon fodder - much the same as depicted in this movie.
0:57 Ribery ? o.o
The one thing that seemed false is how this movie portrayed the alcohol users as crazy (Bunny) and criminal (Barnes) while the pot smokers Taylor and the others as the normal doing their job soldiers.  Although I am USMC Vietnam Vet I wasn’t a grunt, but in boot camp, the regular Marine Corps and in the VA psych wards I talked to many Veterans that were grunts and every one said when they were on patrol when some idiot lit a joint they ended up walking into an ambush.  I never heard of a person in a patrol that was intoxicated by alcohol.  Personally from what I’ve heard and experienced anyone that would smoke pot while in combat was stupid.  The left condones the use of marijuana and the right doesn’t.
Still best comedy out there, hilarious!
hmm, some days ago watched it and almost slept  whole time. 3/10
With Barnes in charge, it really was a Platoon of Doom.
1:25 Nicholas Cage
For those who don't know, the song at the beginning is: Samuel Barber - Adagio For Strings Op. 11. You're welcome.
are you kiddin me?i cant see a movie when charlie is serious.
La mejor película sobre la guerra de Vietnam, y una de las mejores del genero
FMJ or Platoon ooooh that's a hard one
i loved this movie
you stupid sack of shit.
BESTBESTBEST
Perhaps one of the best antiwar movies ever made. It makes me sick to think about so many people dying needlessly in wars. These young men and women have their whole lives ahead of them only to be stripped away forever and for what?
Woman Cry For Titanic
Us Men Cry for Platoon
A favorite. Watched it many times.
ryback at 1:25
Shame is a little bit of reading too difficult for you? I'm African actually. When you've learned some real history and not the propaganda shovelled to you in school, then you'll realise how rotten things really are.
FUCKchomskyFUCKyou

Didn't know North Korea has an outside Internet connection now, comrade.
No Indochina did not exist by the time the USA started dropping bombs. They were three seperate countries: Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam (one country). Vietnam was militarily divided into two, this was temporary and not a political division. Elections were meant to be held as per Geneva agreements but the USA backed Diem government refused when the time came. They used this MILITARY division to claim that South Vietnam was a seperate country. That was a fallacy.
Yeah that worked out great didn't it? A country still technically at war, a civil war at that. Great. Do yourself a favour and read a bit:

wwwDOTchomskyDOTinfo/articles/19700604DOThtm
There was only ever a war for independence in Vietnam and that war was against the illegal invasion by the USA. As soon as the USA ran away and stopped pumping money into its puppet Saigon government, the whole show crumbled. The Viet Cong were southerners fighting against the USA and its proxy, puppet RVN, the Northerners only helped them in their struggle.
I guess the North Vietnamese soldiers were "legally" inside Cambodia.

Oh wait, Cambodia probably "never existed" too. A fiction.
I think you need to read up your history a little better, you will find that it was the Vietnamese who put an end to the Khmer Rouge perpetrated genocide in Cambodia. The USA illegally bombed Cambodia after playing a role in installing a puppet government that would allow them to do so. That is how the Khmer Rouge got a support base in the first place. There was never a war between North & South Vietnam, there were never two countries with those names. That was fiction created by the USA.
Oh, and let's not forget: South Korea doesn't exist too. Huh?
Yeah, it was a mass illusion. A fata morgana. Go and say Cambodia and Laos also never existed. It was all still Indochina.
Maybe the North Vietnamese and the Maoist Chinese shouldn't arm and support the Khmer Rouge, huh? Maybe the North Vietnamese shouldn't have occupied eastern Cambodia for their war against South Vietnam in first place? What the DMZ troubled them? They really, really HAD to make war, and to export communism to other countries too?
When every other country needs help the first one they look to is America!!The USA...and I am Kiwi making this statement
I think america is the last country on earth anyone needs to apologize to. like really, the last.
Read up about the use of chemical weapons, napalm, 'willie-peter' and the amount of bombs dropped on Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia (illegally). Read up about the repercussions of the American support for a Cambodian coup and then the bombing of that country which eventually provided the pool for Khmer Rouge recruitment. Then come back here and tell us about cruelty.
Learn to history monsieur:

South Vietnam never existed, it was created by the Americans so that they could say that it was being invaded. Read up about the Tonkin Incident, as real as Saddam's WMD. The Vietnam-American war was a war for Vietnamese independence against foreign invaders. The Americans never understood this and that is why they lost.
You're retarded, you know that, right?
chang is a name of some fucking chinese people right?
Best vietnam war movie !!!!
the vietnamese were cruel, so the americans became cruel after seeing what the vietnamese did to the civilians and what they did to there prisoners, of course they got harsher they had to fight fire with fire
American came to my country, killed my peole. What do you think about this? Did England, Japan,...... apologize your Country?
everyone was terrible to each other
Nothing from 1986 is HQ.
Thank god he did not have to because he pointed a gun in his fucked up head and blew his brains out....I wish that would be the fate of all mass murderers of humanity(including American army) and not apologies...
sure they should apologise to the people that killed their children,burned their villages and terrorize them for over a decade....
why the fuck would THEY apologize
fuck you son of a bitch
1764003 2169 76 0 912
Trailer for Oliver Stone's film starring Tom Berenger,Willem Dafoe,Charlie Sheen,Forest Whitaker,Keith David,John C. McGinley,Johnny Depp,Francesco Quinn,Richard Edson,Kevin Dillon,Reggie Johnson,Mark Moses,Tony Todd,David Neidorf,Corkey Ford,
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::441
Is it me or is it odd that Alan has a shirt that matches the cover of his notepad??
The Doors film sucked. That is all there is to say about it really.
A friend of mine once described watching this film as being like "hanging out with drunk people, when you yourself are not drunk."
Best comedy of 1991.
I did not pick up a psychedelic vibe from this film. I picked up a definite HEROIN vibe though, and that AIN'T the '60's. Allow me to elaborate. I used to have a couple of junkie scumbag room mates who would lay there in their own filth, smoking oxycontin and watching this goddamn movie OVER and OVER and OVER. It got to the point where, if I were to hear a Doors tune, I would get an overwhelming urge to hunt down and kill me a few junkies. Allan, you left out TOBY DAMMIT.
I like your outfit, paisley has always been my favourite color;-)
Love that the sheet he reads from matches his shirt.  Agree with many of his choices of psychedelic films, given his definition.
8910 75 3 0 7

PT2M59S
hd
MovieID::::442
Although producer Stephen Woolley was immediately taken with Neil Jordan's script, he met with zero interest in America. The general consensus was that the Jaye Davidson role was uncastable, the film's mix of sex and terrorism would prove unpalatable with audiences, and that the press would divulge the film's big twist. Eventually Woolley was able to drum up the necessary budget from British, European and Japanese sources, but then had to contend with the financial collapse of his production company, Palace Pictures. When Miramax, who had initially rejected the script, saw the finished product, they immediately made an offer to distribute the film in the USA, with a clause in the contract that they would push the film for Oscar consideration.
16429 41 0 0 2
An unlikely friendship develops between a kidnapped British soldier and his captor, an IRA volunteer named Fergus. When the hostage-taking ends up going horribly wrong, Fergus escapes and heads to London, where he seeks out and begins dating the soldier's lover, a hairdresser named Dil, who knows nothing about Fergus' IRA background. But there are some things about Dil that Fergus doesn't know either.

Starring, in alphabetical order: Jim Broadbent, Jaye Davidson, Stephen Rea, Miranda Richardson, Forest Whitaker

About Miramax:
Miramax is a global film and television studio best known for its highly acclaimed, original content.

Connect with Miramax Online:
Subscribe to Miramax on YOUTUBE: https://goo.gl/h47JXQ
Follow Miramax on TWITTER: https://twitter.com/miramax
Follow Miramax on INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/miramax/
Follow Miramax on PINTEREST: https://www.pinterest.com/Miramax/
Follow Miramax on TUMBLR: http://miramax.tumblr.com/
Visit Miramax on our WEBSITE: https://www.miramax.com/

The Crying Game | Official Trailer (HD) - Forest Whitaker, Stephen Rea | MIRAMAX
http://www.youtube.com/Miramax
PT1M41S
hd
MovieID::::443
Who else looked this up after hearing it on the film Jexi? X'D
Them: that was my favorite movie i've watch it like 1000times.
Me: * after watching jexi* and *after watching the trailer*

Ohh it exist
who came here after watching jexi?
I came here after watching jexi. I haven't watched this movie yet.
2:13 "Cruise like a FUCKING SEIZURE IN YOUR EYES"
2:13 "Cruise like a FUCKING SEIZURE IN YOUR EYES"
Let me outta tha cah cowl !
Jexi, play Days of Thunder
This movie is so good
Best NASCAR movie ever
Top Gun meets Eyes Wide Shut.
She was licking coles face
Daytona USA The Movie. Very cool movie.
Before the film's release in 1990, many people predicted that they will match the success of the producers' previous films Beverly Hills Cop and Top Gun, but when the film was released, it didn't quite match the success right, thus terminating the producers' relationship with Paramount.
I love to watch motorsports. Not a big fan of Nascar, but it´s cool.
Tom, if you just did Top Gun 2, we are now waiting for you to be at the wheel again in a Nascar car. Please, do it, in the best possible way. Sadly no more Tony Scott, but it can be a good movie.
Who came here immediately after watching the Top Gun Maverick Trailer
The other road warriors
Big fan of NASCAR.
Modern day.mad Max.
My movie Days of Thunder now I see it only when it's December 24 or 25
I can boast that I have this movie in all three video formats VHS, DVD,  Blu Ray I even have the Video game NES Nintendo
TOM CRUISE REALLY CRUISEIN OUT THERE! ;)
AAAmmmmaaaazzzinnnggg trailer!!!! Fucking dogshit film!
Only watching this movie in 2018.. Where have you been all my life??
the scene of crashes with the rented cars really happened but it was between the pilot Airton Senna and the announcer Galvão Bueno
90's - Those were the DAYS!
Tony Scott was the best
Yondu is white here lol :P
top gun with cars?
One of the best movies ever and is one of my favorites love it
God,you can see the look of love in Nicole's eyes when she's talking to tom,amazing.
where are the race thunderbirds?
1.11 - deleted scene
holy shit there is some over acting in this
One of my favourite movies of all time. The soundtrack from Hans Zimmer sure pumps up the adrenaline in the races and give me goosebumps every time.
I think I got a hard-on the "concealed weapon" scene from the movie, if you know what I'm talking about.
Talledega nights was better. Ricky Bobby FTW!!!!
Please, someone point me to the version of this film that has this in it.

"A driver gets his bell rung and a couple of lights flicker, and loses what he needs more than his eyesight, more than his reflexes, more than anything in the world.  He loses his need.  The need to drive right out there on the raggedy edge."
I am using this for a warmup to an English lesson! Students pick out the key words that they hear.
I'm all jacked up on Mountain Dew! ... Oh wait wrong movie.
What a stupid looking movie. Car racing is the shittiest, most pointless waste of steel and petrol in the world. Apart from war.
Would've been better with Kayne West in it
is it bad that i watched the trailer 20 some years after i first watched it lol
Best Tom Cruise movie ever !!!
classic movie
Hey it's Daryl's brother
@ 1:55 this scene isn't in the movie
one of my favorite movies of all time
and of of the best movies of all time awesome i love it :) ^^
good old time
Jimmy Fallon?
Stay tuned when we witness Maverick VS Merle VS Westley in NASCAR!
"I make a movie because it's something that inspires me."
Thank you, Tony Scott. For making my all time favorite movie. Rest in peace.
It got bad reviews overall.
isnt there one coming out with chris hemsworth Rush that has f1
I wanna see a european version... with Cole as a F1 or Le Mans driver :_)
Im surprise there is no re make of this yet. I love this movie its just hollywood will soon pull it off.
This is rated R?! I thought it was PG-13
The only good movie he ever made
0885 16 12 09
best nascar film ever

Micheal rooker yeah !
What a terrible, awful game that was/is. I still got it too. Just horrendous.

Nice try, buddy.
i'm dropping the hammer...
Top Gun on wheels.
what do u mean?
Those old race cars were the best!
CAN SOMEONE TELL RUSS WHEELER QUIT HITTING THE DISLIKE BUTTON THATS 14 TIMES NOW
So here's us, on the raggedy edge....

Just found this on my NES haha
TONY... WHY ????????
should remake it but with same cast, in 3D and leave it to take place back in the 90's so we don't have to look at the stupid COT hunk of shit nascar calls a race car
before the ricky bobby era
Probably the best fucking line in the whole damned film is not in the DVD release:

“a driver gets his bell rung and a couple a lights flicker and loses what he needs more than his eyesight, more than his reflexes, more than anything in the world. He loses his need – the need to drive right out there on the raggedy edge”
Nicole looks gorgeous.
tom cruise is my favorite NASCAR driver, I am glad they made this movie with him in it!
THE BEST RACING MOVIE EVER!
0:28  I want that jacket (upper left corner)... and I want the pit shirt/jersey used in the film.  Nascar, make it happen!
Yea I feel ya, and not to knock a movie you might like but.. About Fast and Furious: "Meh"..
Yea man I agree. My post was from 2011 though, and I haven't been on here since then.  I just  made that statement because you know, before 2012 there really werent that many great summer hitters.  But 2012's summer was insnae.  Total Recall was like the highlight of my summer, DK Rises was ridiculously good, Avengers kicked ass and Prometheus dominated.

Hey I know this is old cuz I hadn't had the opportunity to get back on here for a while but, yea I mean.. there were some amazing summer movies in 2012.  But my post was from 2011, and at least 5 years prior to that there literally have not been that great of movies.  Transformers kind of flopped with the overly dramatic CG to me, I grew up with the animated series.  Also, Fast Five.. you can't serious?  Prometheus, DK Rises, Total Recall, and yes The Avengers whooped ass.
Tony Scotts worst fim. Utter wank.

RIP though. He made a lot of very good ones.
It feels like I watched the whole movie by seeing this trailer lol.
'there's nothing i can't do with a race car,'
apart from successfully stopping to pit, obviously.
Better then Top Gun
Top Gun on weels!
RIP Tony, one of the best director.

Yeah, I read that. Still irritates me though.
Terrible news. His films lit up the silver screen in those years. Underrated in their day, hopefully they will now be given the respect they deserve.

RIP Tony Scott.
RIP TONY!!!YOUR MOVIES ARE UNFORGETTABLE!!!
Jeez I have depressions all the time too but suicide? Really? I'm disappointed. It irritates the piss out of me when I hear someone so successful do something that stupid. I hope Ridley turns out to be smarter. And I'm sorry if I sound like a prick but I can't express how truly disappointed I am when I hear shit like this. You were great Tony but you're a gotdamn coward.

goodnight, sweet prince
1235795 1542 80 0 302
Days of Thunder Trailer
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::444
RIP luke perry
This movie is about my big glorious dick
4820 21 3 0 2
American Strays Trailer 1996
Director: Michael Covert
Starring: Carol Kane, Eric Roberts, Jennifer Tilly, John Savage, Luke Perry, Joe Viterelli

Official Content From A-Pix



Movie, American Strays Movie,American Strays Trailer,American Strays 1996, Michael Covert,Carol Kane, Eric Roberts, Jennifer Tilly, John Savage, Luke Perry, Joe Viterelli
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::445
4290 16 0 0 0
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 626-627: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::446
TBBT brought me here anyone else?
Could Brando work a sweaty tee shirt or WHAT !!!  Pit stains have never looked so damned sexy !
What writing.
Say it with me:

*STELLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
Men were betterlooking then Brando elvis Paul Newman James dean the list goes on
Love this movie and Brando was hot in those days wow
I have seen the movie and its really good. My parents disagree with me
okey well probably its better to read the book...
Damn marlon brando was SOOO SEXY in this movie! Why cant guys all look like that now????
Normal 16 yr old girls: CHANNING TATUM!!

Me: MARLON BRANDO!! xD
Karl Malden and Brando did several films together. Malden was a genius.
Realmente, Brando está soberbo nesse filme e, para um jovem ator, demonstra extraordinária coragem, ao fixar nas memórias a imagem de um cidadão sem escrúpulos. O filme todo é uma obra prima e surpreende a intensidade de sentimentos e o clima de tensão que se desperta e mantém, amplificado pela mediocridade do ambiente, que o cenário destaca.
Great performance from Brando. Exciting movie. I think the introduction (theme and scene) is a masterpiece, creating the movie's mood. Thank you.
Well....Stanley did rape Blanche...
As much as I love this, Blanche is just so unlikable. She is entirely male dependent, and I actually hated her more than Stanley. I think the story would have been better without her. Stella is such a great character.
This is old as fuck
This is like cinema masterpiece.
and it was only his second film
É um clásico inesquecível. Além disso, o Marlon Brando além de estar um verdadeiro deus grego, dá um verdadeiro show de interpretação nesse filme que é um marco de sua carreira.
jaaaa:D haben letztens ne klausur darüber geschrieben!-.- war schön:D
öh will ich mir das wirklich antun?
marlon brando look like an ancient greek statue so handsome
which explains why she won the oscar and marlon brando didnt right?
"Whoever you are, I have always depended on the kindness of strangers." ...
marlon brando sounds like Santino "sony" Corleone... awkward!!! hahaha
reading this book in English class!
The young sailor who helps Vivien Leigh onto the streetcar at the beginning of this film was played by Mickey Kuhn. If you didn't know, Mickey Kuhn played Beau Wilkes (the child of Olivia de Havilland's character Melanie) in Gone with the Wind.
I don't even know what to say after watching this film... It's a film at its finest! Well written, brilliantly acted, everything was surreal! I felt disturbed a little, and shaken by the acting performances of Leigh and Brando, not to mention the supporting cast. It was a very powerful film!
@ardistar9 Tom Hardy as Stanley ! He'd walk it.
by far one of the best movies i have ever seen! i felt shaken and moved for a long time even after watching this classic
Focus On American Intellectual Film-Classics. Elia Kazan/Tennessee Williams’ “A Streetcar Named Desire” (1951) As An Unintended American Dystopia – From Streetcar As A Metaphor of Blanche’s Sublime Desire to Streetcar-Stanley

Forerunners of Innocent Thugs In Politics, Business, Finance, War-making, Media and Religious Preaching In US of 21st Century

victor enyutin
It's interesting that a British actresse's two most remembered roles were as southern belles.
@itskhuan ohohohoho shit :D awesome
I hope your left speakers works.
my grandma watched this in the cinema!!!!!
Good Movie. Bad Trailer
Sexy slinky direction from Kazan and acting from Brando.



But Leigh's delicate portrayal of a tormented woman on the cusp of madness is unforgettable.   Not one false step or intonation, she's on the mark and pitch perfect all the way.



Sure, Brando excites me (I'm old, not dead).  But Leigh moves me almost unendurably.  She made comparatively few films but gave two of the most memorable performances in movie history.
this movie will be on TCM (Turner Classic Movies) on television tonight. i live in california, and here it will start at 5.
@LOLUK
That makes 2 of us.
was marlon ever gorgeous or what?
hot damn, marlon brando!!!
lol i like vivien leigh better wiht dark hair.
i love old movie trailers. in new ones they imoly that a movie is going to be this incredible brilliant work of art, in the old ones they just straight out tell you. (:
this trailer doesn't do this film justice! But I would recomment to watch the movie to anyone. i absolutely love everything about it
it's amazing how wrong trailers can often get films.  This one turns it into a melodrama, although that is to be expected from the time period...
193572 293 10 0 50
A Streetcar Named Desire (1951) - Elia Kazan (trailer)  | BFI. Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI

Probably the best known of all the screen adaptations of Tennessee Williams' plays, this is also one of the finest, thanks partly to the intensely claustrophobic hot-house atmosphere created by Elia Kazan's intimate direction, and partly to the young Marlon Brando's trademark blend of subtle detail and charismatic power.

Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute
Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT2M55S
sd
MovieID::::447
The Leopard Son Trailer 1996
Director: Hugo Van Lawick
Starring:  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From Hallmark Entertainment

A vivid documentary following the first two years in the life of a leopard. Takes a look at what it is like to survive in a real jungle.

Movie, The Leopard Son Movie,The Leopard Son Trailer,The Leopard Son 1996, Hugo Van Lawick, ,  ,  ,  ,  ,
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::448
Klingon technology? :)
that music is so lame
That control surface at 0:35 almost made me vomit. Shouldn't have watched this while eating an F-15.
I live in Ridgecrest which is right next to China Lake Naval Air Weapons Station and I have seen this fly into the base in the last year. So they may have one in a museum but they have at least two that are still flying.
40 UFO sightings between 96 and 99 explained :)
Yep fuck the military for not revealing all of the secret projects they are working on that our enemies could get a hold of to use to kill our troops in the us military. Yes shame on the military.
More like shame on you.
Yeah.  I know what you mean.  All that rain has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that you live right next to the ocean.
They fly bird like planes/drones over Eugene Oregon. I've seen them with my own eyes. I've seen them stop and hide in a cloud on a chemtrail day. Oh everyday is a chemtrail day in Oregon. I hate it up here. They fuck w the weather nonstop and patrol us w crap like this plane that supposedly in a museum. Fuck the NWO and the USAF for lying to the public.
Wow a lot of money just to be put into a museam
do you think they would ever make a civilian version of this without all the stealth capabilities and weapons technology. id much rather by that than an L-39
@ManifestMiasma I don't think the F-22 does.
I wonder what the cockpit looks like from the inside. Probably just analog guages considering when it was built.
This beautiful beast should have the X32's powerplant and control systems installed into it.
That is one F-ugly bird.
I wonder how small an emp device can be. Could it affect flight computers?
@datzfast Actually carbon fiber. Sometime back in 01-02 Popular Science had this as it's cover article. All angles to deflect radar, carbon fiber body to absorb any remaining radar, and angled exhaust duct for the engine makes it hard for a heat seeker to find. Basically a showcase of a pure stealth aircraft. 7,400 pounds, top speed 260 knots, max altitude 20,000 ft.
@MrROTD U R clueless... must be Chinese or Russian... body count to spare...
This is a pathetic try at trying to get your game back.  Fact is Mac D never had it...
cool is thaqt a real guy iin that plane
We need a cheaper fighter before we learn the hard lesson the Germans did, numbers win wars more than  complex weapons can. Why the hell did my country buy F-22s? we can only afford like 10 of em lmao
@StellarBlue1 America still has the best weapons except frigates, our are best jk jk Fancy weapons alone dont win battles, look at WW11, the American tanks and rifles were inferior and not as fancy as the Germans but the allies still won.On the other hand I don't think it's Americas job to fuck the world lol sorry if that bums you out man.
@Templarium Yes the aircraft made 38 test flights for the Boeing Phantom Works division.
did it actually flew?
@jeimi007 it's not a weapon, it's an aircraft to demonstrate technology. it has no weapons carring capability. in fact it's been in storage for about 10 years.
@riche7711 To test new designs for low observable aircraft. make sure your new technology works before you design it into a prototype military aircraft. this was a boeing company project, entirely funded by boeing with no D.O.D. participation.
@cobrala Hey i already know, Ive seen some really interesting things as a pilot, but one of the main reasons they cant release it to the public is many are nuclear powered and the FAA and countless environmental agencies would absolutey flip shit if they knew that the military and civilian teams were flying these things over the population. And many of the things that are hidden away in these hangars are Alien Reproduction Vehicles.
@riche7711 Well you see everything you see in production is lagging behind.  Like you said by the time we can build, test and produce a new aircraft such as the F-35, scientists have already experimented and tested something better which will be applied to the next generation. I tell people all the time believe you me the US has stuff in secret hangers that you cant even imagine that is at least 20 years ahead of the F-22 or F-35. If we saw them now we would accidentally  call it alien
Honestly why would they need a stealth tech demonstrator? Doesnt the F-117, B-2, F-22A, YF-23, F-25, F-35 and all the other random X planes NASA and the CIA have work? They `ve been working on the F-22 almost as long as they developed the F-15. The US doesnt realese a technology nowdays unless they can already counter it. We have got crafts that will fly circles around any F-22 or Su-47. Would be a nice replacement for my Cessna.
Sounds like porno music.
@Funderbunk Interesting, I wonder why they didnt continue with it.....BTW promise me you will give me a ride in the thing when you hit those powerball numbers! LOL!!!
It seems that we have a trekkie inside the project, the aircraft, in some camera angles, looks a lot like a Klingon bird of prey! See at 0:18.
@Tobi1087Tobi
Its an observation aircraft.
@jdogbig1
It could be used for recon and electronic warfare purposes.  Its main purpose was to demonstrate a number of things: functional capabilities;  new manufacturing processes; low cost (total project cost was $67million).
Whats the plane alongside Bird Of Prey ???
You cant Roller Skate in a Buffalo Herd...

"demonstrate stealth technology", 1996? Wake-up!



Look up F117, check its "Official Dates".



In 1964, Pyotr Ya. Ufimtsev, a Russian mathematician, published a seminal paper, "Method of Edge Waves in the Physical Theory of Diffraction", in the Journal of the Moscow Institute for Radio Engineering, in which he showed that the strength of a radar return is related to the edge configuration of an object, not its size.
@starscream565  what makes you think that?
looks like a paper airplane I once made.
Weird. Doesn't look like something that would fly. I guess most of it's body works as a wing...
OH yeah....well......well..... I gues you were honest LOL!!!

However I dont...nor ever shall consider being a geek a bad thing. Maybe when I was in grade school and couldnt get a date.....that was a bad word....now Im living a life I would have never dreamed of back then!! So sure....being a Geek has been great to me! Thanks! Ive never been accused of being a tool though...U do know the words are not interchangable right?
not reallly sure why... you just come across that way... A bit geeky is the way id describe it... i felt like sharing so... hope that helps?
uhhhhh alrighty then.....not sure what I said that made you call me a tool?!?!?!

I guess ur a huge fan o' pysche warfare or sumthin' & dont like me talkin' smack about it???LOL!!!

Seriously though......WTF did I say that deserved me being called a "tool"?
yes,ur a tool
OK I will check them out.....yeah I could not tell the shape very much of the first one I watched......its hard to tell when it is shot in the dark......I may send you a message to your site about what I think (easier to comment that way....I can have more space without having to trim everything) Anyway thanks.....

Keep watching the skies.............I Want To Believe.......

...The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence...generic pro-UFO catch phraise#11.......etc. LOL!!!
Hi Brian,
Sure quote it all you want it's an old one here in Australia, see we are used to being treated like that by our politicians and such.

If you have time to catch some of my other videos, you may pick up on the similarity of shape that keeps re-appearing in my "unknowns". This is what leads me toward this craft, as I haven't seen any other that fits the bill, yet.  That is if it is one of  Earth's human craft?
But I will keep on videoing as practice makes perfect as they say.TRUTH,
Jim
Right....it is truley amazing what was come up with by the Nazi's......Its not fun to admit...but they where well ahead of their time. Thank providence that we got em before they could perfect some of their more interesting designs....else our space program and Intellegence opperations would have been taken over by Nazis.....wait a minute....that happened anyway LOL!!! Oh well at least Nazi sympathisers like Prescott Bush didnt get into power....just his Grandkids LOL!!!
Not really....Im sure this is the aim of certain black ops project......people are less likely to shoot down a UFO....plus if it looks truly like a space craft...then enemy soldier may be afraid of reporting it for fear they will be rideculed...classic psych warfare......
Very interesting video.....I read a very convincing article that the so called 'flying triangles' which are usually described as huge and silent are actualy hybrid hard shelled (made of high tech composite material light as cloth...but hard like steel) blimps which can move fast like an airplane or jet 'cause of their aerodynamic shell. They have to be big to displace enough air. Cant say thats what this is though. PS I like your 'mushroom' analogy...funny stuff...can I qoute it sometime?
Considering these are old designs.
As seen in my sky here in Australia (Video response)  the most likely culprit of new updated versions.  These far exceeding the specs on this video.  But Boeing still will not answer the phone on what they call the new version etc.

" We don't give out operational data "

So looks like we will be kept like mushrooms again....
i.e:-   you know... kept in the dark and fed bullshit.....  TRUTH.

I believe they have active camouflage and  near space ceiling.
well...honestly we were making aircraft like this back in the 40's!!! Well at least the Nazi's were....Did you see the Discovery Channels (I think,,,maybe it was the Science Channel...one of those though) episode where they reconstructed Hitler's "Stealth Bomber"? The thing looked pretty much like our modern version...plus they experimented with flying wings...& even more exotic designs if U believe some authors.....
As far as I know, they did not have any problems. The plane was stable and had no fly-by-wire. That is actually cool. Now it is only Burt Rutan who builds gorgeous, but simple and reliable planes.
I have always liked the cranked wing design. Have a look at Luft 46 designs by Blohm und Voss. The P208 for instance. Nothing new under the sun. They had jet powered version P210 on the drawing board in 1944
They Should Call it ... The Night Crawler!
I am wondering if they had any aerodynamic problems with the unique design...If not they should have continued it IMHO. If for no other reason than it looks really....really....badass.

And looking badass is half the battle.
Check out the work of T.T. Brown or just look at the many "lifter" projects on the internet & Youtube. Its a proven Tech-arguably the same thing as in the Ionic Breeze. My research into T.T. Brown shows that He was using a slightly different technique than the "lifter" projects however. Also in the B2 configeration it likely gave added thrust more so than added lift. Also if they it made more of plasma it could reduce radarVis as well. Dont know if they did this...but its an interesting thought.
Ha I qouted you without your permission!!! Take That guy I dont know!!!!!!
lol, thats just epic lol
Looks like nintendo should sue for their arwing design back :)
O.o... thanks for sharing xD that mus b rly hard for the scientist >.> there's always panadol extra xD
O.o... im quite a stupid person... so how is active camoflague supposed to work? in some sense it blends in with the colours of the surroundings right? but many people might look at the air craft from different angles... so how is it supposed to make everyone see as thought its invisible?
haha yes absolutely
I'm no aerodynamics major, but am a flight instructor. I would say the the "winglet" looking fins pointing down serve as the vertical stabilizer, while the shape of the entire aircraft along with the trailing edge control surfaces produce a horizontal stabilizing effect. Just observing though, don't quote me on it.
It was called that because from some angles it looked like a Klingon ship fron the star trek movies.
bird of prey.
You have no clue what your talking about.
wow, amazing man. thanks for the information. god bless.
interesting, so what happens when the edges are ionised? they produce electrogravitic levitation?!?! if so, what does that mean and do?
I think it looks kinda cool but.... It can't accurately be called a "bird of prey" because frankly.... IT HAS NO DEFENSE OR OFFENSE!!!!!
That thing is ugly, I hate those mutant aircraft. My dream is to shoot them all down. And that thing is easily downed with a WW2 Fighter or Inteceptor. And so can u do with B-2. If u find it, u dont need anything hi-tech to take it down.
It's certainly badass, but still behind yf-23 and B-2 in my book. Cheer:)
i would be very poud if thay call this the Phantom III!
it goes only 260knots so i have no idea
Man, where does the thing get its lift?
I dissagree by a long, long shot.  But hey it's all just personal preference :)
Got to be the most badass aircraft in history in terms of looks.
Wow it kinda looks like the ship from nintendos star fox.
A very slick looking aircraft.  Now we know why some people report seeing UFOs.  It basically looks like it shouldn't be able to fly if you look at it from certain angles.
The big issue at boeing is their management sometimes crushes innovative projects just because they are outside the box they have a dilbert type situation.

The Boeing JSF for example wasn't a bad design just was a poorly managed program.

They need to rectify this maybe take a good long look at how things are done at software companies and the new aerospace companies.
Que Klingon music...
A very odd looking aircraft.
Ben Rich, the Skunk Works guy behind the F-117, once said he could made a brick fly with fly-by-wire - this might just be the proof
Wow, that is a real stunner. Thank you for all your videos, they are great.
135260 177 13 0 83
The McDonnell Douglas (later Boeing) Phantom Works built the Bird of Prey to demonstrate stealth technology. The single aircraft flew 40 times between 1996 and 1999 and is now in the USAF museum in Dayton, Ohio
PT1M40S
sd
MovieID::::449
The French have an unparalleled artistic heart. They are attracted to all things beautiful. A result of their Faith, no doubt.
VIVE LA FRANCE !! ^^)
I was Looking for A BTS song
Which language is it? French?
C'est français ouais !! :)
My favorite movie.  It definitely changed my life and perspective (literally and figuratively).  Thank you to the creators of this beautiful film with a complete story arc and all of the emotions and yet barely a word is spoken.
I grew up on this movie
there was or is a really good music video with picture from Microcosmos here on YouTube Did anyone know it? i forgot it. please help
I was watching movies on China's "Netflix", IQIYI.com and it showed this movie ranking #4 best rating. after #3 "How to train your dragon" (No filter for documentaries, pure best ratings)... Top 2 are Chinese movies that you guys don't know.
Im fun of this kind of this world, this is my work    please watch it. And give  me some feedback.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22qGwtgoejY&t=33s
Eu assistia tanto esse documentário quando criança, que irritava a minha mãe, kkk maravilhoso e lindas canções.
Beautiful. I love this documentary film so much.
Eng Translation :

"Dive in for 24 hours to an unknown world

To take part in an centimeter scaled adventure

In this realm, even the hour-glass itself run faster

An hour for a day

A day for a season

A season for a life-time

A magical picture... with every stakeholder of the Microcosmos."
I know of a frenchman (assuming the language is french) translator if you are interested in having one with english subtitles... I would love to watch & understand this film
It needs to be said: the video quality on this trailer leaves a lot to be desired. The Netflix version is visually arresting in terms of definition and saturation. Don't judge the aesthetics by this crappy 2006 potato-recorded video
what is that at 1:19
That lady bug getting fucking murdered tho 0:36
Did the kid singing at the end just say "Open your eyes before you die. Satan's in grass." ?
who's the children that sing this song?
I did last night with my boyfriend, I can't recommend it enough!!
Sono andata al cinema a vederlo
My dad showed me this when I was 10. I still love it
Docventures brought me here.
haha Amen to that!
i think he meant hank hill's dog

i soo need to trip BIG on this smoke sum
Check out on Netflix: MicroPlanet and Fire Ant 3D.
@damarkovavidea Thanks so much for posting this. You're awesome!
@sigiF1 I have never done drugs, saw this, and it blew my mind to the nth degree. still my favorite movie.
@Jokuki9 thanks
Please can anyone tell me which is the name of the animal that appears at 0:57. Thank you so much.
@sigiF1 man thanks for existing!
now... let me be clear on this... YOU HAVE TO BE HIGH TO SEE THIS! incredible how your imagination just blow off with this, one of the most beautiful experiences i've ever had
"Open your eyes before you die"... A child singing this to this amazing film makes me shiver. We have lost som much by distancing ourselves from nature...
A visually stunning and thought -provoking film about the hidden beauty we neglect to see and acknowledge everday around us. Fabulous dedication to the very natural world around us. Also, see  "A Murder of Crows" on PBS's Nature series online. HIghly recommended for even those not interested in nature.
A visually stunning and thought -provoking film about the hidden beauty we neglect to see and acknowledge everday around us. Fabulous dedication to the very natural world around us.
@JAKEHARRIS281 "Le peuple migrateur", "Oceans", "La marche de l'empereur"...
The best "animals" documentary I ever seen... really :)
@91bpatrick Koyaanisgatsi was kind of scary for me. It got pretty dark. I watched it, but turned on my own music. Took the vibe to a way better place.
The dung beetle seen has got to be the funniest this ive seen this whole year LOL
We don't need aliens,
@mrlynch2005 What other documentaries are like this one? Is there a microcosmos 2? Its cool to actually here the ants instead of hearing some narrator in the back ground. And the high resolution camera is awesome.
What other documentaries are like this one???
@GhibliOriginals Thanks for answering!
New favorite film. Thank the Lord for 1080p!
well about to go watch this on netflix, lets see LSD coated sugar cube check, xbox, check.
In today's news we have a bizarre story of 18 people were arrested today for trying to eat their neighbors house. Film at 11
OMg.. the ant vs one drop of rain...

poor ant..

Uh... The narrator sounds just like the narrator from Amelie!! Does anyone know if it's him??
Un film magique.
oh my god why didn't i know about this film before?? i must watch it NOW
these lyrics are scary
"open your eyes before you die..."
@vatecabal concordo! concordo!
@damarkovavidea wow! tanks!!
@StoryeTime Non, Microcosmos est réalisé par Claude Nuridsany et Marie Pérennou, le peuple migrateur par Jacques Perrin. En revanche, Bruno Coulais a composé la musique pour les 2 films. (ainsi que les choristes et les rivières pourpres).

Et non, c'est pas Jean-Baptiste qui chante^^
MICROCOSMOS - FANTÁSTICA AVENTURA DA NATUREZA 1998....Deveria ser exibido nas salas de aulas para as crianças....
0:57: That's so strange, a borning  mosquito looks like a sparkling fairy, with this gorgeous song.
Me siento como un insecto, vuelo, vuelo, vuelo,....
insects are so gentle
Who sings the song ? Is a band ? what kind of music is it ? Gothic ? Please I'd like to know it
im going to get so blazed before watching this.cannot wait
Tenho de ver este filme
Hmm ce serait pas Jacques Perrin ?
C'est pas lui qui a produit Microcosmos et le peuple migrateur etc ??
0:38 That ladybug is just like "Aaaahhhh, merde."
I love the movie i really cant understand french though in the trailer.  I saw da movie in english!  I love the opening song!!!  I will put it on my ipod!
LYRICS:

Look at your feet
This funny world
Full of insane small creatures
And listen to this buzzing chord
Who keenly spreads such strange murmurs
The sound's buzzing, swarming
Sliding beetles, snails, and ladybirds On swarming grubs
On sliding ants
Open your eyes before you die
Sit on the grass Observe and paint
The toad, the wasp, the dragonfly
The sound's buzzing, swarming
Sliding beetles, snails, and ladybirds
SONG: Microcosmos
COMPOSER: Bruno Coulais
SINGER: Jean Baptiste Maunier
CHOIR: les choristes
Hello.

It is "Microcosmos" composed by Bruno Coulais.
holy fuckberries... that really creepy me out, but I sat there... staring at it in amazement and beauty, feeling like bugs were crawling all over me... but I kept watching, it was beautiful...
Eh Roxyworld33 moi c'est pareil (je cherchais d'ailleurs plus pour le son cette vidéo)

Bref vive la Musique, à tout âge ça laisse une trace !
I can't get it anywere do you know were to downoad it?
c'est la musique qui m'avait le plus marqué quand je l'avais vu
The music is Bruno Coulais - Microcosmos
What's the intro song ( with the lady singing) Called?
the music is the shit.
I have this dvd...A MUST SEE!!!
496968 1264 31 0 86
Trailer do filme "Microcosmos" de Claude Nuridsany e Marie Pérennou
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::450
I *LOVE* this movie. I was a kid but I remember back in the early 2000s IFC used to air this movie a bunch of times, but I always watched it. It was filmed and based from where I was born and raised in Jersey.
2207 12 1 0 2
Palookaville Trailer 1995
Director: Alan Taylor
Starring: Frances McDormand, William Forsythe, Vincent Gallo, Adam Trese, Lisa Gay Hamilton,

Official Content From Evergreen

A trio of bumbling, down and out buddies make a wildly inept foray into the world of crime, in this offbeat tale of big time dreams and small time larceny. 1995 Best Film, Venice Film Festival.

Movie, Palookaville Movie,Palookaville Trailer,Palookaville 1995, Alan Taylor,Frances McDormand, William Forsythe, Vincent Gallo, Adam Trese, Lisa Gay Hamilton,
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::451
*Fun film, but a ripoff of Blank Check 1994 and Mrs. Doubtfire.*
DISTRIBUTED BY BUENA VISTA PICTURES DISTRIBUTION
COPYRIGHT C1996 POLYGRAM FILM PRODUCTIONS B V ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Donald Trump lol
Loove this movie. Never tire of it
80's movies were so laid back. They mellowed you out.
those 2 are one of the best comic duos ever.
THE TRAMP IS IN IT TOO
Whoopi Goldberg  played donald trump
I am from Mexico, and I have not been able to find it. Could anybody please help me?  If ou have it, please sell it to me.
<HP LOGO> LASERJET HEWLETT<WBR>PACKARD ENGINEERING</WBR>
waneer komt deze youtube helemaal of weer op tv zou geweldig zijn goeie kerst film
eu não encontro esse filme
this movie is awesome in every way. i used to love it and i still do it. the message that it spreads its fantastic.
79427 218 16 0 20
Whoopi Goldberg just can't seem to catch a break in the financial world as a single, black woman. So she creates a white partner to further her success. Dianne Wiest is cute as her bumbling secretary.
PT1M53S
sd
MovieID::::452
I wonder if the character of Chez was modeled after Ronnie Kray....the whole mental illness thing......
Such an underrated film
whats the name of this trailer music starting @1:09?
Truly one of the best movies made without the proper recognition it deserved! Vincent Gallo and Chris Penn were fabulous.
What is the name of song?
Having wakes in the home (as illustrated in this film) got to be too much, too much the old-fashioned way of doing things. The younger generation at the time (now in their 80's) was happy to see it go.
Great movie, but needs a way better DVD release than the ones currently on the market. The most decent one so far, is the Canadian DVD from a company called Seville. In full screen, but the picture quality and sound are acceptable. I heard the now-discontinued Pioneer DVD, released at the beginning of this century, had the worst quality.

October Films released some good stuff during the 1990s.
Great movie, top perfomances from everyone, but Christopher Penn really stole the show.
! wish Chris Penn didn't die -Promising talent he was
Really impressive Crime/Drama movie with great acting and shocking ending. Chris Penn, Christopher Walken, Benicio Del Toro, Annabella Sciorra, Isabella Rossellini and Vincent Gallo did a great job.
The Funeral is definitely one of the best Mob/Gangster films of the 90's (next to Casino, L.A. Confidential, Carlito's Way, Goodfellas, A Bronx Tale, Dick Tracy and Donnie Brasco)
i havent seen this movie since i was 10 and i still remember chris penn saying "I die without my brothers", then take his own life
Chris penn was an awesome actor, rip
@Sumumabitch78 He was better in King of New York 1990.
Benicio didnt have enough scenes in this...but he was great.And Walkens best gangster role....
59019 129 9 0 18
The Funeral Trailer



The Funeral is a 1996 American crime-drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Christopher Walken, Chris Penn, Annabella Sciorra, Isabella Rossellini, Vincent Gallo, Benicio del Toro and Gretchen Mol.



The story concerns the funeral of one of three brothers in a family of gangsters that lived in New York in 1930s. It is a film that details the past of the brothers and their families through a series of flashbacks. The film is most notable for its shocking climax.



Chris Penn won the best supporting actor award at the 1996 Venice Film Festival for his performance.



Plot:



The film begins with the funeral of one of the three Tempio brothers. These men are violent criminals. Mourning the passage of their beloved brother Johnny are Chez and Ray. Ray is cold and calculating. Chez is hot tempered. Flashbacks show us that Johnny was more sensitive. Exposure to Communist meetings as a spy sway Johnny's opinions.



The chief suspect in Johnny's murder is rival gangster Gaspare Spoglia.



Ray and Chez swear revenge. Ray's wife, Jeanette, opposes the campaign of retribution and the violence it will bring, while Chez' wife, Clara, struggles to deal with her husband's obsessive nature.



As it turns out, Johnny was not murdered by rival gangsters, but by a man who first claimed Johnny had raped his girlfriend, but who later admits, just before Ray kills him, that he wanted revenge because Johnny had beaten him up in front of his girlfriend and friends.



As he buries the dead murderer, Chez reflects on his brothers' lives before the tragedy. He then returns to Ray's house and shoots Ray's bodyguards, shoots his dead brother Johnny lying in the casket, shoots Ray, and then puts the gun in his own mouth and commits suicide as the family women wail over Ray as he too dies.
PT2M21S
hd
MovieID::::453
Killer Rock n Roll! Love the Vibe! The world needs more man.
1211 14 1 0 2
All About Chad - Sleepover
from CD "Down In Front" (Big Pop) 1995
written by Ben Reiser

the band:

Ben Reiser (vocals,guitar)
Asif Chaudhri (guitar)
Chad Pilieri  (bass)
Jason Schreiber (drums)

the songs on Down In Front

Embarrassing Moments // You're Too Popular // I Know A Girl //
Sleepover // Kristin // Vivien Leigh // Meet Me In The Hallway //
Chad's Driving Me Home // That Would Be Ducky // Paint Peel //
I Can't Sleep // Chad's Got An Earring // Twenty Three Strikes //
My Sister Hates The Band
PT3M8S
sd
MovieID::::454
PEOPLE OF FRANCE! A GOOD LOOKING DEPRESSED WOMAN SMOKING A CIGARETTE IS NOT A MOVIE!!! AND YOUR SIRENS SOUND LIKE GAY GUYS HAVING A 3SOME!!!
There is a guide sold only on Amazon. com titled THE YOUNG GIRL COMING OF AGE BY W C which only lists movies with girls up to 18. Very shocking and provocative, amazing how many movies with nudity in them there are. Hundreds of movies noted. In paperback and Kindle.  Link   https://www.amazon.com/YOUNG-GIRL-COMING-AGE-2018/dp/1549663402/ref=sr_1_6?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1507603320&sr=1-6&keywords=The+young+girl+coming+of+age+W+C
213770759609 IMO
Not single anymore... Just came someone BITCH...
Looks amazing!
1538618 717 367 0 11
A day in the life of a young Parisian woman named Valérie who begins a new job at a four star hotel the same day she reveals to her boyfriend that she is pregnant.

Directed by Benoît Jacquot
PT1M21S
hd
MovieID::::455
Michael McDonald should have been in this movie. He would have been BRILLIANT
Michael McDonald brought me here.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTpFqoS4hyY

Enjoy !!
MICHAEL!!!! DO THE LINES!!!!
hahaHAhaHa Brilliant.
5626 21 1 0 6
Drunks Trailer 1995
Director: Peter Cohn
Starring: Dianne Wiest, Faye Dunaway, Richard Lewis, Spalding Gray, Calista Flockhart, George Martin

Official Content From Winstar

A diverse group of strangers, each with their own story to tell, come together at a local meeting of alcoholics anonymous. Strong performances from an all-star cast!

Movie, Drunks Movie,Drunks Trailer,Drunks 1995, Peter Cohn,Dianne Wiest, Faye Dunaway, Richard Lewis, Spalding Gray, Calista Flockhart, George Martin
PT2M25S
sd
MovieID::::456
We as humans are way to immature  to pocess such power, giving godlike power to a species that hasn't even evolved passed pop culture is a recipe for the end of life on this planet it's only a matter of time but that doesn't seem to concern anyone, our nuclear arsenal has recently been graded for overall  readiness, condition, and maintenance, the grade that came back was a D minus, I'm not as worried about other countries nuclear arsenals as i am our own it is more than likely that we will blow ourselves to kingdom come than we are to die a natural death by  2033, it will happen. With great power comes great responsibility and we are the most irresponsible species to ever pocess such godlike power.
this is the greatest thing I've ever seen LUL
Oh boy....another biker goof in a nazi helmet.....
Watch " The Atomic Cafe" as well.
"The damn Indians thought this was their land"
"And The Yankees made us free our slaves"
What the fuck this guy is like a parody:)
usa is a huge circumsized, black man warlord nation, good luck, lokee.
Smoke'm if ya gott'm cause this life time is fucked!
This doc is trash. You lost me when he said he was hammering on an F15 smh. What scum.
That was one racist fk
57 minutes in, I agree.
Thanks for uploading this. (RIP SM3)
I'm 13 minutes in and all I see here is a bunch of people bitching about each other. This video could have ended 3 minutes ago and probably gave all the info you need.
The Peace Farm was where my house was..
People face it our enemies one day in the Lord do time will nuke the United States though it won't be the end of life and God has things in his hands,  but God will cleans America of it's wicked polluted unclean humans by allowing our enemies to strike like a thief in the night with out warning follow by a great invasions.  So face reality these things will come and not far into the near future.....
Who on earth is that creepy guy?
I can  almost hear him screaming: Put the lotion in a basket !!!
:D
i want a video on the collector
1:37... yes to assemble a new generation weapons than only kills one side.... at a time.
.yep wind crazy
Not such a safe place to work or have worked! -- http://www.star-telegram.com/news/state/texas/article49500030.html
I was at the same pencil museum in Scotland. I highly recommend it.
We must have the bomb to keep the peace! Get over it.
this  video is not on point in anyway sorry but i am not
Saw this in the Dobie at the SxSW Film Festival in '95. I have wondered ever since  why it isn't more available in a digital format. Hilarious.
This was fucked. I love it.
I find it kinda funny the guy sitting in that field wearing a cowboy hat keeps saying "atomic" bombs. Pantex doesn't build "atomic" bombs, at least they haven't for a long time. they build thermonuclear bombs. Big difference. The two atomic bombs dropped on Japan are firecrackers compared to the thermonuclear warheads we have today. There really is no comparison.
Activists should be nuked.
oh my god .. the loony guy said the pope had love & hate tattooed on his fingers ... i cant stp laughing ... :) so fucked up :)
Life-changing movie! It needs more exposure.
This video was amazing.  Thank you for sharing it.
Christopher Guest eat your heart out.
the racist undertones of this .......done did out done........ the educational aspects..... I learned like...3 facts. not the 100 I should have. let the hate mail run!!!
Why are peace people protesting it now that it is breaking down atomic weapons? That seems to be counter to their interests. Also, that guy by the cars was hilariously mega-racist.
WTF!!!! They picked the stupidest ppl to make this video (we had to give up our slaves )really? Amarillo is a great place no not everyone works there just a few fortunate do. Glad the erase marsh madness is going on he was a horrible person the ppl on this video make Amarillo look like a place full of idiots that don't even know how to speak omg
Very good. Too good. Most people won't even get what this really is about. This is an absolute gem on youtube. A pity the Q is this bad, but thank you nonetheless for sharing this vid.
i expected the guy at the start to "why hell we make nukes get used to it"
Is this a comedy or are they serious?  If they think Pentex is killing or giving them cancer why didn't anyone buy a Geiger counter to measure the radiation levels?  Or would that be too easy?

If this video is to show how stupid some Texans it sure succeed.  At 1:02 the guy who collects the rat traps has one made in West Germany in the 1930s.  Either this guy doesn't know West Germany was formed after WWII or the Germans in 1930 knew they were going to lose the war and become divided and started producing products from the country they would become.
Wish they would tell the truth about Plutonium radioactivity.
Who knew the non sequitur, cognitive dissonance and nuclear "stewardship" were so interrelated?? Maybe we, as a species, should reverse engineer a Texan, take corrective actions, and hit 'reset'.
THE COLD WAR JUST TURNED INTO THE HOT WAR,,,, they opened the Treasury in 1941, and never shut it off, the greatest cash cow mass murder, mistake in WORLD HISTORY;; NOW WHERE TO HIDE, nuclear waste equals early death via cancer to all, THESE MASS MURDERING FOOLS ARE KILLING THEM SELFS;;; NUCLEAR PIGS
lean or six sigma diffuses negative esprit du corps and insures multi-variability that requires a centralized force controlled by banksters
track the price of helium to detect nuclear weapon grade nuclear material
Why isn't this on DVD? Or Blu Ray? It's a HILARIOUS documentary and deserves better treatment than being on YouTube in blur-o-vision vcr format.
Debate in a capitalist system, yea sure. Public hearings are just a formality. The pull that the citizens have is equal to the amount of tug on your pud.
.460 Weatherby as a marital aid? Fun, weird people :-)
I'm gonna spoil the end, ..the plant blows up.
35:00 DOE would have to clean it up(WTF). Ground Zero would be evacuated and quarantined.  It would be safe to live in about a few THOUSAND years.
More rules and regulations than the private sector??  Bullshit, America has the highest incarceration rate in the world and industry and shareholders run our government, which means if you have the money and power you can do whatever the fuck you want.
They say America had to hurt a few of us,  but we are talking about a weapon that can cause mass extinction,  fuckin' idiots.
thank you for uploading1
Ok. Its a joke
Just how stupid is this...... are there really journalists that are this stupid?????\
i wonder if this is the stuff they store at the w.i.p.p facility
This guy snaps some wierd ass pictures.. posing on the bed and whatnot..
What the fuck is this video, they are talking to the most insane and crazy people who are just rambling on about the most odd things.  Just fucking weird and not anything like what it seems like this video should be.
6:40 TO 8:06...SOME SAD/IGnORNATE STATEMENTS FROM THOSE OLD TIMERS....TALKING ABOUT THE INDIANS AND SLAVES....BO HOO...that's what you get for hating on other cultures...PANTEX IN YOUR BACK YARD....
one millionth of a gram ingested of plutonium will kill you. a grapefruit size ball goes into every bomb, about 150 pounds. The US has nuked itself over 3000 times, did you know that? A nuclear war has already occured on our soil and we didnt even duck and cover
38485 175 37 0 87
Directed by George Ratliff.

Funny yet incisive look at the PANTEX Nuclear Weapons Plant, in Amarillo, TX, which was used for nuclear weapons assembly during the Cold War. The plant, which provides most of the jobs for those living in Amarillo, now operates as a disassembly-line where the weapons, which were once built there, are now being taken apart with the plutonium getting stored underground. The film deals with the issues of storing the plutonium and the effects the plant has had (and is having) on the town of Amarillo, as well as how it has affected the way people thought about the Cold War and its aftermath. It does so by taking a look at the lives and activities of the Amarillo residents directly or indirectly associated with, or having strong opinions about the Plant. Written by Tamas Kovacs (stargazer at howler.sps.mot.com)

If Mr Ratliff or anyone doesn't want this on youtube, please email me and I will remove.  This is a great film that the world needs to see.  I'm not profiting from this at all.
PT1H12M55S
sd
MovieID::::457
Is this the greatest Pink Panther film? I think so..
Where did you find the trailer?
11192 11 0 0 4

PT2M14S
sd
MovieID::::458
another problem with the test was the film was too short, and the plot is pretty weak. A problem with a lot of Carpenters films. He needed to work on the script a little more and not be so satisfied with the first draft.
An absolutely wonderful, eerie and beautiful film, my favorite all-time ghost story.
Damnit is the Fog's opening soundtrack what, "It Follows" soundtrack was alluding to?
John Carpenter was magic from the late 70's to the end of 80's!!!!!
Mick Garris sounds like a guy who does horror right - "respect the genre" was a quote that Robert Englund shared with him that rings true for me.
I remember back in either 80 or 81 Avco re-released The Fog with Phantasm as a double feature (if you look around on YouTube there is the trailer for the double feature) . I wonder if Mick Garris had any influence on that decision, they are the perfect pairing.
This movie is to John Carpenter's catalog what The Incredible Hulk is to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Excellent in it's own way but never talked about enough. I love this movie :)
Right on Mick. Love Trailers from Hell. Love watching a true fan talking about film and filmmaking.
Mick, you are the working man's movie hero!!!
Curtis & Leigh worked together previously on "The Love Boat" before this!
Surprised they didn't mention how great Dean Cundey's cinematography is !
I love this film.
I'm amazed that Carpenter today thinks nothing of Val Lewton's subtle style, as he proclaimed in the British documentary series A History of Horror (2010) calling it boring and overrated, while it clearly must've inspired his own directorial approach to the genre yet now he denounces this influence apparently or at least criticizes it severely. That statement was more shocking than anything in his own more recent films.
I loved the film and think it's one of Carpenter's best.
A wonderful film.  And I could listen to Mick Garris talk about ANYTHING.
Awesome cool horror movie @Trailers From Hell.
Is there a definitive edition of John Carpenter's The Fog one should buy on Blu-Ray? One version that might look better than any previous ones? I picked up the scandinavian 2009 version the other day, but I wonder if Shout Factory's 2013 might look better?
I look forward to getting this on blu ray and toking up
Man, this is like the only big Carpenter movie I have yet to see.
The fog is a beautiful looking movie, it's so atmospheric
13132 230 2 0 27
The Fog announces itself as an old-fashioned spook-show in its first scene: kids huddle around a campfire as John Houseman spins a morbid tale about a band of shipwrecked sailors murdered 100 years ago this very night. Those sailors vowed to return and that’s just what they do, using the fog that blankets this little seaside town as their method of transportation. Starring Adrienne Barbeau, Jamie Lee Curtis and Janet Leigh, the film was a solid success bringing in nearly $22 million on its $1 million budget. The Fog was remade in 2005, directed by Rupert Wainwright and starring Selma Blair.

As always, you can find more commentary, more reviews, more podcasts, and more deep-dives into the films you don't know you love yet over on the Trailers From Hell mothership:

http://www.trailersfromhell.com

What's that podcast, you ask? Why, it's THE MOVIES THAT MADE ME, where you can join Oscar-nominated screenwriter Josh Olson and TFH Fearless Leader Joe Dante in conversation with filmmakers, comedians, and all-around interesting people about the movies that made them who they are. Check it out now, and please subscribe wherever podcasts can be found.

Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-movies-that-made-me/id1412094313
Spotify: http://spotify.trailersfromhell.com
Libsyn: http://podcast.trailersfromhell.com
Google Play: http://googleplay.trailersfromhell.com
PT3M27S
hd
MovieID::::459
Classic Carpenter
Remaking this movie would be a sin
They got 1997 spot on
WHO THINKS THEY SHOULD REMAKE THIS MOVIE?
What's scary is that these movies, both New York and LA are becoming more and more relevant.
Aha, this movie has new meaning in today's world of nuclear war, computer viruses, spies, etc. The department of defense must be having a cow.
BEEEEAST COOAST!
My favourite film as a teenager back when it came out......still epic
snake plisken ?
As soon as I heard President Trump was considering transporting an unlimited supply of illegal immigrants to sanctuary cities, this is immediately what I thought the outcome would be.
This movie is so fuckin great it's ridiculous, the cast is insane
Special (subliminal) request from Gina H. (shush)
Looks like Madison Square Garden. Devils party and work here on the top floors, while the poor and desecrated lie on the bottom floors (homeless and transient peeps). Perfect model of life in the so-called 'empire.'  Lots of Italians too.
old classical movie..
Jesus..... 97' was a rough year....
I love Snake Plissken. The hero of my novel is based on him
I said left !!! Ass whole s
Love this movie and also Escape from L.A. , wish they made a 3rd sequel. Kurt Russell was badass
Thanx. Good to see..
Maybe this is common knowledge but I recently found out that the Chock full o´Nuts girl Season Hubley and Kurt Russel were a couple back then.
I was born the same year this gem was released!! I feel so good :)! Here my rendition of this masterpiece´s theme https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN8otvWwcFU
When you think of it,this seems like a nice idea.Make a small city but as a prison....But then again it would cost a fortune to make sure people don't escape.
oh shit,around that time,new York was a jungle, nowadays,new York is more like disneyland
Early 80's Movie trailers were the best.
Nowadays Snake would be a butch Mary Sue, The Duke would be a straight white male representing "fascist" white male domination, Weasel would be essentially unchanged (a sniveling coward) while Maggie would be a transgender rambo.
Escape from Jew York...
Everything about this film is great.
RIP Frank Doubleday
Did I mention it is John Carpenter's?
This is one of those I'm really surprised hasn't been remade, since we're living in the age of nothing but remakes. And b4 you mention Escape From LA, that's a sequel not a remake.
This was the future without mayor guiliani. This is the future the democrats have for america
this movie sucks
Snake's watch in Escape From New York lives - we created a fully functioning replica and it's also a smartwatch - check it out - lifeclockone.com.
Who would win? Snake Plissken or John Rambo
I miss special effects like this. My God. I hate CGI.
i loved new york and la. new york is an action classic whereas la fun mindless action
1997 looked pretty scary back then
Greatest action movie ever
It's like a mash up of 'the warriors' and metal gear solid
Such an awesome video.
Thanks for sharing it.
Bleak and depressing - just how I like my futures!
Psycho Mantis????????
PURE Digestible Delicious  Action Cheese!!!
he fucking sets off an EMP on the entire world in the second movie and probably kills ALOT of people in the process and basically starts an apocolypse. This is the villain! And he stops an important piece conference in this one doesn't he? Seriously love these movies and Snake Plissken but fucking COME ON!
Call me Snake.
My friend and I just covered Escape from New York for our movie review podcast. If you'd like to check it out we'd appreciate it. https://youtu.be/7i7mSg_7sSs
My faded memory of seeing this as a child:
1.) it was extremely violent
2.) all of Snake's allies kept dying off one by one throughout the course of the story
Diamond Dogs
do u think osama bin laden planned 9/11 from this trailer
Sci-fi is funny in that you break out an outrageous concept like walling off NYC to turn it into a prison then you get to 2017 and there are at least two dozen cities that should be walled off to protect the population from danger.
My biggest memory of this movie is that when it ended and I walked out to my car, my brand new awesome cassette player had been stolen. Man, I was a pissed off 16 year old. The movie was good, too.
who is the voice actor providing the narration for the trailer
John Carpenter is a master of horror and my favorite movie of his is EFNY. I'm still watching it few times in a year and I always will!
Snake Plissken vs Mad max vs Riddick Vs Blade....
whoose the winner ??
yea back then they thought we would all be in fying cars by now lol
the clothing and the equipment wasnt all that far off for 1997...  those boots look like New Rock and the urban camo..yeah kinda.. the MAC10 wasnt too 97 but the cops did have ARs ..  cool flick, i saw it when it came out and fucking loved it... The Thing also..80s was badass
"You gonna kill me now Snake?"
"I'm too tired. Maybe later."

fucking classic
the era when trump became President
Take a drink every time he dramatically says "John Carpenter's Escape From New York!"
Snake like Metal Gear Solid?
ultimate death battle....
Snake Plissken vs
Mad Max vs
Neo ( The matrix) vs
Blade vs
Riddick vs
The punisher vs
Batman vs
Deadpool
For me,this movie is right up there with Mad Max.
Snake Plissken? I thought he was dead!
Has a Warriors-look.
Escape from LA was a terrible movie. New York is way better.
"you touch me ...he dies. if you're not in the air in thirty seconds ...he dies. you come back in ...he dies. ..............twenty seconds."
"i'm ready to talk."
"nineteen. eighteen..."
"what do you want?!"
"seventeen. sixteen..."
"LET'S GO!! LET'S GO!!"
After playing Metal Gear Solid games, that's what got me into this movie :) This is awesome.
I just realized something.....the part where Air Force One crashed into a building after ejecting the President (Donald Pleasance), gave Osama bin Laden, Al Qaeda, Taliban, etc. an idea of how to bring down the World Trade Center, which was in THIS movie. It is a very sickening coincidence.
I haven't seen "Escape From New York" in long while. Nowadays, I can't hardy watch it anymore, because it has the World Trade Center in the story.......and we ALL know what happened to the Twin Towers. Great old school action/sci-fi movie.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jonathanzufi/lifeclock-one-the-escape-from-new-york-inspired-sm
Ends 8 December
one word 911
WoW ,  Kurt Russel was in such great shape he could easily jump through a styrofoam wall !!!
Watched this movie off and on from the time I found it officially online.  This is one Sci-Fi concept I wouldn't want to see become science fact ANYWHERE.  If things keep doing the way they are, it just might.
O: Happy 10 years of views, video.
Awesome movie, classic 80s B movie fun.
John Carpenter and Kurt Russel made one of hell of a good combination!
Mr Carpenter,,,You are a damn Legend!!  The epic films you have made and the music will always haunt me. This is true art.
i gotta watch this tonight... :]
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEKKKK
Hey maybe I'll get that on DVD for Christmas
You're pretty good. >u>
glad for a re-make, will only make this one more of a cult/fan fav classic-
Snake Plissken for President in 2016- thanks for the trailer- Jim
As a very young kid I thought this movie was the shit, and the part where the Cadillac had little flags in the front had me saying "oh damn, mean scary dude in that car".
Closest thing we got to a Metal gear solid movie.
Maybe send all the schvartzes to NYC
I never knew metal gear solid was based off this. I kinda wanna get some metal gear now
Finally A Solid Snake/MGS related thing that doesnt have a convoluted story and a guy working on the latest game for 7 years to deliver a mediocre product with a huge ego that cost his company alot of money to produce. Carpenter >>>>>>>>>>>>Kojima
Snake Pliskin, inspired by Big Boss (Naked Snake), and partially influenced Solid Snake
Ah, this good ole' movie with Curt Russel's corny dialogue. An amazing movie.
Disappear...
ah the good old days, when 1997 was the future
is this a serious movie?
or a so bad it's good??
Maneiro!!! Da uma passada la no meu canal Tambem! ;.)se inscreva caso gostar.
I got an idea.  How about escape from America?   Base it on current trends,   in the future the USA  has built a wall around its self.  Nobody goes in or out.
Kurt Russell in this movie was acting so nicely that it gave off some sense of prediction of the today's world.
omg i love these 80's trailers with the voice of the that man in the background :)))
1247459 2460 94 0 782
I found this on the net. It's the 1981 trailer for the sci-fi actioner EFNY. Great preview that doesn't reveal much except the concept, the character of Snake and the grim, violent, future that awaits us.

This is what made going to the movies so much fun.

Enjoy and leave some comments
PT1M31S
sd
MovieID::::460
Ça fleur bon la Provence ´´ irremplaçable pagnol ´´ merçi pour ce chef-d’œuvre
A French masterpiece, chef-d'oeuvre as,sometimes, only the French know how to do.  Manon des sources was to follow and did not disappoint.  I'm still so moved when I watch these two movies.
Incroyable le nombre de commentaire anglais sous la vidéo, ça fait plaisir ! Un film magnifique mais si triste, Ugolin qui se fait manipuler par Le Papet, j’oublierais jamais.

Claud Berri a réalisé Germinal, il faut aussi voir ce film, un autre de ses chefs-d’œuvre !
Atrocement prophétique!
dommage que pour le rôle de manon 'jeune' ils aient pas choisi une petite fille pour jolie et moins nigaude ca gache un peu alors que manon (emmanuelle béart plus grande est si belle !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Such a wonderful,  thought provoking movie.
cette version de manon des sources est à peu pret le seul remake de pagnol qui soit réussit .... tous les autres n'ont fait que défigurer les originaux ...

le scénario est un peu différent de l'original et je trouve qu'il y a quelques incohérences .... jean s'entête à faire pousser des quantités astronomiques de pieds de mais alors qu'il n'a pas d'eau et que le mais est une céréale qui exige énormément d'eau ....
ensuite il fait une hypotèque sur sa maison pour creuser un puit ... pourquoi ne pas avoir fait cette hypotèque pour acheter un mulet au moment où ses récoltes pouvaient encore etre sauvées ....
I watched this in French class about three years ago.
I am surprised to find so many comments in english.
Is this movie well known outside France ?
This film and its sequel M.O.T.S are 2 of the best movies ever made.
Yves Montand, simplement grandiose
J adore tout simplement
L'histoire de l'humanité ! Très beau film.
papet, papet....ca giscle
Following the comment from Catherine Baker about best films ever, French for sure is a master, not quite agreeing on the British films though.
Los tres mejores actores de Francia en una misma pelicula. Un vrai regal que ce film!!!
la bienveillance du sud de la france :D
Depardieu et Montand..... Des monstres dans ce film....
epic, became part of my life
Yves Montand is superb. An actor at the peak of his powers.
This movie and its sequel Manon des Sources is cinema at its very best. The movies come a very close 2nd to One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest. (In my opinion!) Absolute essential viewing.
Un de nos plus grands films...
Un chef d'oeuvre absolu...
tellement triste, puis alors la musique elle te finit...
One compelling movie, a true reflection of real life scenarios of people whose cruelty cheats others out of success
Can anyone tell me what's the mix drink they're drinking? It looks like wine and something else
I dare anyone to tell me they predicted the ending.
Any gunplay or sexual violance? I know what these french farmers are like
Jean de Florette + Auteuil=39+16=55
I watched it  and also the second movie in Russian.I think it is the one of best movies I have ever seen.Really worth watching
What is it with french people and hunchbacks?
This video sucks
An scannán is fearr a bhfaca mé ariamh agus usáideann mé é mar shlat tomhais ag déanamh meastóireacht ar cinn eile.  An léargas ar dhearcadh daoine ar leo é an talamh.
un chef d'oeuvre
what a great movie
I consider Jean de Florette and the sequel Manon des Sources to be one movie. An absolute masterpiece. My 2nd favourite movie of all time. One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest is my no. 1... by a hairs breadth. Watch these films
One of my favourite films, a pure masterpiece in film making.
Just watched these 2 films again. I always have to watch them at a run. Can't imagine how people waited 2 years for the 2nd one to come out!
Such a great movie. I just love how they think Jean will be this weak, deformed, wretch they can pull the wool over but he turns out to be a stud.
I'd love to see this movie. I would have to find a version with subtitles though.
Film magnifique ! j'ai adoré à sa sortie * super souvenirs ..
the moral of the story is, stay away from backward religious hillbillies - french or any other type
This film and Manon des sources are fucking masterpieces.
HERMOSA PELICULA ESA ES LA CALIDAD DEL CINE FRANCES!!!
J'ai adoré ce film parce que il est simplement magique, triste mais grandiose. Tout comme la vie.
Magnifique! A wonderful movie but it is so sad ..Jean de Florette died because of the stupidity of the Papet or the grandpa and Ugolin his nephew..he could have been happy if everybody helped him..
We watched this and Manon De Source in French class this week, so good but sad
Oh, this a true tale, told in ancient terms. If you are of the type, you won't understand when I say that Capitalism is no different, If no (rules) or regulations apply, the mafia rules. Business is sneaky, don't let them drop a rock on your head; instead drop a house on Dick Cheney.
I caught part of Jean De Florette one Sunday evening a few tears back on TV and was riveted. I was waxing lyrical to anyone who'd listen. The very next week again i unwittingly caught Manon De Sources on the same channel and then sought out the DVD compilation and have had them ever since. I must have watched them over twenty times by now. The greatest French films i've ever seen.
I'm not going to lie guys, I cried when I saw this movie. I had never cried over a movie, book, or play before, but this one got me.
One of the best films ever, like the British, the French are absolutely unique and brilliant at making quirky films - love the Brit and French films anyday
j'ai 26 ans et j'adore ce film ... mon beau père le regarder toujours ... magnifique ...
C'est film parfait!

VicyDelta. Please don't feel you have to apologize! You're a Numbnut with no emotional content. Go back to watching cartoons and trash programs that befit your intellectual capacity. We understand!....
Watched this in french class sorry but in my oppinion this is the most random and most boring movie i've ever seen in my whole life! i mean this film is just so random
They are absolutely brilliant films. The baddie gets his comeuppance  - dont they always?
I could not agree more a wonderful film, beautifully acted along with the sequel - pure brilliance!
Two of the best movies ever made !!!


If you never watch foreign movies, at least watch this one - and its sequel.
tu vas sur dalymotion et tu as le film complet
High school french class
C'est partie 1. J'aime partie 2 aussi. J'aime les deux parties de le film!
Quand le film complet?
I remember watching this movie in my high school French class...such a good movie. :)
Amazing film, read the book for my A levels years ago. Music always reminds me of Stella Artois though!
Lovely thank you! :)
high school french class
It's one thing to ooh and aah over the picturesque scenery.  It's another game entirely to live in said scenery and to be at the mercy of nature.  That's what sank home to me when I watched both movies back in the day as a youngster.  Water is the silver thread that links the episodes and the characters.  Water, and what some people will do to get what they need of it in a beautiful but harsh land.
None of the above.  Beautiful but harsh.  Agricultural life dictated by the caprices of pitiless nature.  The whole movie is about water and what people will do to access it.
what is wth the landscapes? does it have explosions, fist fights, gunplay or car chases?
Wonderful! Currently watching it in my french class! : )
Great film watched this and currently watching the sequel in my French class.
@Anhinga78 - Aaaaabsolutely, even now the soundtrack brings me to tears!
watch it if anything ... for the LANDSCAPE!!
Un tres bon film!
This, along with Manon of the Spring, are two of my favorite films of all time.

Check out this list of foreign language films on IMDb: imdbdotcombackslashlistbacksla­shqQvbXmXhhCU

@michaeljoseph63  a tale of revenge and greed (if i say more, i'll spoil it)  :)
@michaeljoseph63 a tale of revenge (if i say more, i'll spoil it)  :)
Watched this is french class. Loved it.
@Tifferoony77 oh merci! :D
@Angel48rules

Nous avons regardé ce film en (salle de) classe.
we watched this in french class!

nous sommes regardez le film en sal de classe.

plz correct me if i had the sentence wrong?
I remember watching this film on sbs once years ago, such a great film, haven't seen it since, will have to seek it out again.
J'adore this movie, my class just fiished watching it in French 1 today... can't wait for  when we see the sequel
i think , this film is the best film i ever have seen, i watched several times , the feelings i get when i watch this film , that i live it and not watching it,  simply great film
@easylover69 why? Because he watched the film?
@Chimichanga12594 my dad totally called the ending like 30 min into the first film but it was still epically intense
awesome! I'm currently watching this for my French 4 Class!!!
I had to watch this and the sequel, Manon of the Spring, in my French 1 & 2 class in college back in the early 1990s. Everyone in the class loved it--a fantastic film with no sex, no violence, no bad language, no special effects, just a plain, simple story with great acting. Most people don't even know about this movie--a shame!
Very good French movie for those who love realism. It offers a great portrait of the human nature, no matter the nationality, because some things are simply universal. In this film, we are provided, on the one hand, the picture of kindness, strenuous effort, hope and trust in people, and, on the other hand, the picture of envy and pettiness. Besides, the actors and their performances are very good.
jean de florette + manon des sources are 2 of my favorite movies. first time i saw them, it blew my mind!!!!!!
This is  one of my favorite films ever.. wonderful....watch it...and its sequel....'Manon des sources'.
Un film absolument superbe, qui prend tout son sens quand on a vu la deuxième partie!
478498 771 33 0 156
Jean de Florette (1986) Trailer

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091288/

Claude Berri

Yves Montand, Gérard Depardieu, Daniel Auteuil, Elisabeth Depardieu
PT2M37S
sd
MovieID::::461
Goldie Hawn very sexy
This is so good :)hahhah
What a crappy trailer...
lol I was looking for this movie for ages. I saw it in my childhood but couldn't remember the name.
The REAL insidious purpose of the Private Benjamin movie... was to introduce white males to the idea of females wearing male uniforms - acting like males. "Look, they REALLY ARE males." NO THEY ARE NOT!  Females DO NOT belong in the military! They ARE NOT males.  Oh, and since it was a comedy, everyone should just overlook the fact that private Benjamin used her gender to BULLY a General(!) into rewarding her with cushy job.  And a black male is the drill sergeant...Complete authority of them girls - white girls. Yeah, no problem there. Just a normal and natural thing... Females & blacks are advancing before our very eyes...All it took was white male titles (i.e. forced integration))... Wake up people!
Loved the way she cold-cocked Henri at the end
she is very cuuuuute
Eu assisti quando era criança e nunca me esqueci dele. Muito bom!
Still watching this in 2014 :)
CAPTURE AND RECAPTURE KSK MKD
Love the Jewish wedding and honeymoon sex funny entertaining film go goldie
THAT WALL CLIMBING IS CLASSIC MARY MAGDALENE/ ANNE. LOL  MARY'S GONNA SIT AT A PICNIC TABLE AND WATCH LIONEL CLERC RUN AROUND THE TRACK. :D :D LOOOOOOOL
Quero assistir este filme completo, onde consigo?
"I wanna be normal again." AMEN Sista.
"Is green the only color these come in?" :D :D looooool
Laughing at " If I knew you better, I'd show you my dog tags." LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Eileen Brennan passed away today.  Rest in peace Captain Doreen.
No, she was never in a scene like that.
1:11 Private Benjamin said what?
Goldie is superb.
i dont know if someone else already said it but, maybe you're thinking of butterflies are free?
I love watching old movie trailers!

After watching the Katy 'Perry's Video "Part of Me", it more than takes away the comedy of this movie!  Do all Women feel this way when they think that they're unloved?
"A woman who was disign to be no more than a house wife finally able to take control of her own life thru the military's training"
@slaneybanner she cleans the bathroom wih her toothbrush, but he is fully clothed in it..lol..wishful thinking on your part!
Does anybody remember a scene in this movie where Goldie is cleaning a bathroom with a toothbrush but she's clad in only her pantyhose?

I saw the movie many years ago but I can't remember a sexy scene like that.


I guess that "Major Movie Star" with Jessica Simpson is based on this film, or may be it's remake or something?
Goldie Hawn showing what a great comedic actress she is.
Don't forget who Miss Hawn gave birth to.
Its on in 1 hour ^^

Def gonna watch it.
Goldie amazing! I had forgotten this film. One of the best brilliant actresses of American cinema!
199129 243 24 0 36
The Trailer For the 1980 comedy classic starring Goldie Hawn, Eileen Brennan, Armand Assante, Albert Brooks, Mary Kay Place, and Barbara Barrie
PT2M47S
sd
MovieID::::462
15697 25 1 0 0
Biography of the life of Dorothy Day (Kelly). The title refers to the religious practice of treating all people, no matter how poor or humble, as if they were visiting angels. Day was a famous activist and philanthropist of the 20's and 30's. The film traces her growth - mostly spiritual and religious - as she left journalism to become a suffragette in Greenwich Village. Eventually, Day converted to Roman Catholicism and dedicated the rest of her life to helping the poor. #Trailer #WB
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::463
4980 9 0 0 0
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u200e' in position 27: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::464
2608 2 0 0 0
Warren Miller's Snowriders is now available on Echoboom Sports. Start your free trial today to watch now: http://geni.us/WarrenMillerEBSVOD

Nothing beats the original; Warren Miller’s Snowriders is the definition of epic. With skiers and riders like John Egan, Brad Vancour, Jeremy Bloom, and JT Holmes you’re definitely going to learn a thing or two. Travel along from Italy and China up to the highlands of Scotland and all the way down under to Australia to find out how the original Snowriders get it done.

Subscribe to EchoBoom Sports!
http://bit.ly/18VxJeD

Check out the new http://www.echoboom.tv
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/echoboomsports
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/EchoBoomSports
Follow us on Instagram: http://instagram.com/echoboomsports
PT2M47S
hd
MovieID::::465
Arnaud du Thil alias le faux Martin Guerre avait des défauts, mais il a su les racheter lorsque l'occasion s'est présentée en apportant l'amour, la tendresse à une femme que son mari légitime n'a pas données. Pour moi, il aura gagné sa place au paradis. Le vrai Martin Guerre n'est pas à plaindre. Partir en laissant sa femme ,son fils et ses parents qui en sont morts de chagrin dans la totale indifférence, faut être un vrai salaud. Et, lorsqu'il revient, il n'a guère changé. Toujours l'horrible type de jadis. Sans compter qu'il a perdu une jambe, cela peut le rendre encore plus exécrable qu'avant.
This was a musical wasn't it ?
Pauvre bertrande répudiée par le vrai Martin,aimée par le faux mais qui aurait du épouser le faux.il a été un bon mari pour elle alors que Martin le vrai etait un mauvais mari,un ingrat.
27799 48 2 0 5
Le retour de Martin Guerre, 1982, trailer
movie starring Gérard Depardieu as Arnaud de Tihl
IMDB - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0084589
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::466
Who Summoned Roger Rabbit?
Weirdest trailer ever..

Amazing. No information about it. Can't find anything out.

Impossible to find.
If anyone has info. Please share.
Kino der toten anyone?
That looks like interesting! I wanna see that!!
Why are there so many documentaries about the secrets of J Edgar Hoover in the suggestions? How odd.
Hey :)  What's the full name of this version?
was this produced in america?
Is it any good?

kick ass movie
He looks a little like uncle Fester from the Addams Family :)
satanic stuff !
Time to rent this at the library! (Since mine has it!)
1:06 wuuuuulll....
That looked so weird and yet so interesting.
It's available in the iTunes store: itunes.apple.com/us/app/faust-i-hd/id418785495?mt=8&ls=1
Mehr als den Trailer finde ich nicht! Es gibt nichts auf DVD oder im Internet! Wo kann man den Film denn nun finden?
0:41 OH MY GOD, ITS DISCHORD! Now the name "Faust" has been taken to a new level. XD
This looks incredible. I first found out about it from a reference from a kid's show and there is nothing I want more than to see this play.
awesome! i want it !!
Looks really interesting. Nice use of animation and stage make-up... Where can I get it??
We still wait for Festival response before we plan a release on DVD
I can't find anything about this movie coming out anywhere
first i thought that their face were white because they didn't stay enough in the sun, afterwards i understoo that the reason was actually that the protagonsists were MIMES :))), too cool, i'm only afraid it won't last, or if it will, it shall be restricted to the people under 18
134909 161 18 0 30
This is the official trailer to "Faust", a full-length experimental silent film based on Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's famous German play. Combining live-action with traditional 2D animation an an original ochestral score, "Faust" tells the story of elderly scholar Dr. Heinrich Faust, who pledges his soul to the devil for one single moment of true happiness. For more information please visit www.faustthefilm.com
PT1M58S
hd
MovieID::::467
Oh yeah?  Yeah.  Dee-troit, eh?  What's your game?  I read it in a book . . . I love this stuff.  :-)
Where's Phelps?
13359 17 1 0 5
An undercover T-Man (Dennis O'Keefe) is roughed up by two thugs.  From Anthony Mann and John Alton's brilliant film noir, "T-Men".  With Charles McGraw, Jack Overman and Wallace Ford.

This ear-splitting moment of torture would later find its echo in John Alton's later work with Joseph Lewis in "The Big Combo".
PT4M
sd
MovieID::::468
1134 1 0 0 0
alcune immagini di "The children are watching us/I bambini ci guardano" in mostra a TORREDILIBRI 2015 - dal 17 al 29 marzo - Teatro Comunale di Torre San Patrizio.
In collaborazione con il Comune di Torre San Patrizio.
A cura di UOLLAS Associazione Culturale
PT1M39S
sd
MovieID::::469
Je lis le livre
Il ne passe plus a la télé.
Je lis le livre X)
Je me souviens de ce film  une femme discrète
tres beau film avec michele morgan ds le role d'une aveugle destabilisée par ses sentiments amoureux ...............
28649 66 2 0 5

PT3M39S
sd
MovieID::::470
W.C. Fields never gets old.
Any good pool player knows that W.C. was a good pool player just by the way he holds his stick....
.
Any good pool player knows that W.C. was a good pool player just by the way he holds his stick....
.
This is hilarious!
wow....i mean, wow.  just discovered WC Fields- amazing!
Huge fav of mine. Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5638 25 1 0 6
this is a film clip from the 1934 feature "Six Of A Kind", starring comedy screem legend W. C. Fields. Here, he portrays one of his most well-known and underrated characters, Honest John.
PT4M30S
sd
MovieID::::471
You can't get these trailers on the Crit site anymore ... They've replaced them with just a few stills ... Apparently the reason is that since their selling point is the restoration's visual quality ; they therefore don't want to tarnish that by putting the cruddy old trailers up anymore ... In this particular case, I can sympathize -- as this is a lousy trailer as mentioned below by others
they uhhh... forgot to mention James Villiers
What a shitty trailer for one of the greatest movies ever made.
WHAT THE HELL??
those Brits sure know how to make a captivating trailer :-p
One of the worst trailers for such a great film.
As out-of-control as movies get.  We need more insanity in the cinema.
Yes, I agree. It is a brilliant film. Does anybody have a clip of O'Toole singing the "Varsity Drag" song?
Brilliant.  Have you got a clip of O'Toole singing 'Dry Bones' in this film?
12933 28 0 0 9
www.criterionco.com / www.criteriondungeon.com - This is the trailer from the criterion release of Peter Medak's The Ruling Class.
PT1M15S
sd
MovieID::::472
Jack blacks first movie
Here's the next president of the USA
jack black looks russian
This had to have been a warning to us of what was to come in our future 2016 elections ..just wow
When I saw it, 25 years ago, I was like :" God, this man is the new Orson Welles!". But his career showed he was a good actor and director, nothing more
Better than Hillary selling our uranium to Russia for a $145 million "donation."
Ted Cruz just tried this
Conservatism has been reduced to ignorance, fear, jingoism and bigotry. Conservatism is a faith based scam with the belief that Laissez-faire economics works. If you put the GOP in a centrifuge, you would find that the most important thing, by far, are the tax rates on the uber rich. Everything else is negotiable and used as political fodder. The tea baggers are evidence of this scam as they are the target demographic containing a delusional world view and conned into voting against their own financial interests. If you read the tea baggers signs, they indicated racism, hyper religiosity, fear and ignorance.
Oh how I love him
love mockumentaries like Spinal Tap and Borat
The first movie based on an SNL sketch to not be produced by SNL.
24 years ago... as if they saw 2016 coming....
Ha, started like a Trump speech :P
Jack Black was in so many things as bit characters.
I'll watch it because alan rickman is in it... don't care about robbins
I'm surprised this didn't get preserved in the National Film Registry yet.
One of the best political satires ever.
Jack Black 0:48 :)
Bob, because Bob spelled backwards.. IT'S STILL BOB!! Omygod.
I was in this, which is no big thing in Pittsburgh.  This movie was fun, though.


Not a fan of Tim Robbins, but it was interesting to see that he had both Jack Black and Alan Rickman in there.
A movie that was 10 to 15 years ahead of its time.
57801 222 4 0 31
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Bob Roberts Trailer - Directed by Tim Robbins and starring Tim Robbins, Giancarlo Esposito, Alan Rickman, Ray Wise, Brian Murray. Mock documentary about an upstart candidate for the U.S. Senate written and directed by actor Tim Robbins. Bob Roberts is a folksinger with a difference: He offers tunes that protest welfare chiselers, liberal whining, and the like. As the filmmakers follow his campaign, Robbins gives needle-sharp insight into the way candidates manipulate the media.

Universal - 1992
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::473
Should have won best picture of 1990.HelenMirren at her best
MASTERPIECE  !!!!!
hereditary director influence
All the haters are like Albert Sica... you simply don't have the palate to enjoy the exquisite taste of this film. Maybe go back to something a little more tame in flavor for your liking... like transformers or something, I dunno.
Possibly the worst trailer I've seen, in that it made me not want to watch a movie I thought I might enjoy. Any trailer which consists of people doing nothing but walking for almost the entire trailer, screams: "I really have nothing else".
Hands down the most disturbing films I've ever seen. It's doesn't have a lot of gore a violence mind you but just the soundtrack and the actors make it so so disturbing and gut wrenching. Or it could be the fact that a woman's lover is killed by her gangster ass husband so she decides to cook and feed her lover to her husband....
Greenaway's masterpiece.
Please reference the director!!!!
one of the most disturbing movies I've ever seen
This trailer doesn't shows anything... i love it!
I am trying to recall an Asian movie where a intruder (thief) hiding from the law enters house, forces wife into sex and they have an affair and she kills him in the end !
The film is gross beyond belief. I know it's fiction but I don't approve. Huh.
Jesus! I watched this last night and it fucking blew me away!! So well it shot it was stunning!
This gripped my entire being....incredible
I saw this when it was released ... humbled me and turned me into The Creative director I am today..
Dumbledore why u so mean?
The ending is fucked up but SOOOOO worth it >:)
Also the entire movie I just kept saying Someone kill Albert, fucking kill this guy.
I agree. He's looking way to hard for something that isn't there. Not everything has a subliminal biblical message. Getting real tired of people doing this.
Starring Professor Dumbledore as the thief
Best movie ever
cccp-american-soviets (dot) com

Horrible Definition.
No, the religious interpretation is trite and facile. Not everything is about that old story.
And the other patrons in the restaurant are the Thatcherite elite, civil servants, cronies and business leaders who tolerate the boorish, thuggish behaviour of the owner of the restaurant because, well, they want to eat there too.
I just watched this on Netflix, and it was absolute horse cum. Peter Greenaway fucked me in the eyes, and I'm filing rape charges.
Hardly Defined?
I LOVE how the trailer gives so little away while still giving you a flavour of the taste required for the film. I wish more trailers were like this.
Michael Gambon is superb and creates a memorable monster. Helen Mirren looks breathtakingly beautiful in an underrated classic.
Cook represents God, lots of symbolism points to this, the kitchen is like church, big stained glass windows, pup the kitchen boy is Jesus or a saintly figure, Wife and her lover are Adam & Eve, thief is satan
And the H's, so rich and pure!
Clearly the highest of Ds.
HD you say??
Doesnt the crime boss in this movie look like Richard Kuklinski the famous hit man called the iceman!
Yahoo brought me here! O.O

great movie..daring,erotic.violent,great acting...
excelent film, perfectly done, love the details!!

brilliant music.... exceptional combination of sound and sight....
@tt247jer ...couldn't get passed them force feeding that guy dog shit?
i turned it off after 10 mins
A Good Man, The Head of Reference, The Acquistions Librarian, and a smuck in a school in North Carolina
635322 563 78 0 58
http://www.moviespoilersite.com The wife of a barbaric crime boss engages in a secretive romance with a gentle bookseller between meals at her husband's restaurant. Food, colour coding, sex, murder, torture and cannibalism are the exotic fare in this beautifully filmed but brutally uncompromising modern fable which has been interpreted as an allegory for Thatcherism.
PT1M18S
hd
MovieID::::474
This is that movie about the doubleganger, nes pas?
buy the criterion blu ray, its a goody!
Thoughts on the film? I haven't seen it yet
84721 179 9 0 5
fan made trailer
PT47S
hd
MovieID::::475
A perfect modern film noir.
OH MY GOD! This has got to be the best Grifter Video EVER!

watch?v=PpJiPwCWXIQ
One of my top five.  Definitely one of the best films ever made.  A lot of Angelenos will tell you this is the REAL Los Angeles (at least for that decade...the city has recently morphed into something infinitely more nightmarish).
Nice movie with great acting and very sad/dramatic ending. Anjelica Huston, John Cusack and Annette Bening did a great job!
29471 30 0 0 5
Trailer for "The Grifters" starring John Cusack
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::476
Si ma che trailer di merda che gli hanno fatto in inglese, non sembra nemmeno lo stesso film...
Avanti Savoia!! GRECIA _ ITALIA
61710 127 6 0 4
An 1991 Film. The film is set during World War II, and regards a group of Italian soldiers who become stranded on a Greek island and are left behind by the war.
PT1M48S
sd
MovieID::::477
Good! And one like
Cal me 24/7=365 For  sex
It is provocative because it deals with feelings first and foremost. The theme is also sex, lots of it yet despite the fact that the word sex is one of the main themes, hardly any sex is actually shown.
I cans still watch and enjoy this flick.
thats Harvy Winestien doing what he does best
Even this "provocative, sexual etc" ....DISGUST should be FORBIDDEN !!!

...not to tell us, it "sucked" !

YOU'RE THE ONE WHO SUCK !!! ...coz those like you, ARE TOTALLY BRAIN-WASHED and TWISTED !!!



Remember this - jewish satanists want you BLINDED !!! ...WITHOUT ANY SHAME, WITHOUT A DROP OF MORALITY INSIDE YOUR SOUL !!!

And this is what they've discovered - TV !!! ...and more than 100 yrs, these mother f****ng devils LITERALLY ERADICATE PPL's ETHICS, RIGHTEOUSNESS and VIRTUES !!! BE AWARE !
This trailer makes the film look like its all about people having sex when it actually isn't.
Has anyone ever noticed they turn on the lamps during the day in this film?
@plutoplatters I think crystal meth ruined it even more for us.
@amytothegrace   no,actually "it" sucks now because we're all too spoiled and it has to be cocaine x 1,000 for us to be happy.
Actually this film isn't exactly about sex...
@robbrichter2010 foley isn't the right term
@robbrichter2010 I was just pointing out that you used the term "foley" when in actual fact there's next to no foley in this clip.
@robbrichter2010 It's mostly just the dialogue that's out. There isn't much foley in that clip.
Terrible trailer / Awesome movie.
The entire trailer is out of sync.
879118 252 98 0 25
Sex, Lies, and Videotape 1989 trailer
PT1M9S
sd
MovieID::::478
Is this what they used to scare the shit out of the cops ? To treat all civilians like utter dog crap ?
Lol, your comment made me laugh out loud!
31743 8 3 0 2
The Thin Blue Line (Errol Morris - EUA, 1988)
Info: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096257/
+
No Sala de Exibição:
http://saladeexibicao.blogspot.com/2011/02/thin-blue-line-1988-tenue-linha-da.html
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::479
Love, love, love this movie!
This spoils everything in the movie. :(
77680 61 5 0 3
The Princess Bride 1987 1080p trailer
Blu-ray Blueray HD Blue bluray ray blu
Buttercup (Robin Wright) is kidnapped and held against her will in order to marry the odious Prince Humperdinck (Chris Sarandon), and Westley (Cary Elwes), her childhood beau, now returned as the Dread Pirate Roberts, attempts to save her.

Rob Reiner
Writing Credits
William Goldman (screenplay)/ William Goldman (book)
Cast
Cary Elwes as Westley/ Robin Wright as Buttercup / Mandy Patinkin as Inigo Montoya / Chris Sarandon as Prince Humperdinck / Christopher Guest as Count Tyrone Rugen / Wallace Shawn as Vizzini / André the Giant as Fezzik / Fred Savage as The Grandson / Peter Falk as The Grandfather / Mel Smith as The Albino / Carol Kane as Valerie / Billy Crystal as Miracle Max andre the giant
PT2M20S
hd
MovieID::::480
One of the best films of the 1980s.  Spielberg, Lucas and Ford great combination. I wish somebody other than Ti West did the trailers of the Indiana Jones films.
What an astoundingly excellent film!  _Raiders of the Lost Ark_ [1981, Steven Spielberg] is arguably the #1 Greatest Action Film of All-Time* to this very day.  If you've never seen this, well what the hell's wrong with you?  You allergic to great movies? ???

----
* _see also:_ _Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior_ [1981, George Miller], and _Die Hard_ [1988, John McTiernan].
great movie, best of them all, including Indy 5. after Spielberg fucked up with 1941,  two years later and with George Lucas' help he knocked it out of the park
Best movie of all time.  My all time favorite.
Every character introduction in this film is perfect.
Good movie saw it when I was 14 in 1998
16974 116 3 0 9
In 1981, Steven Spielberg and George Lucas paid homage to the adventure serials of the thirties and forties and in doing so gave a hot-foot to contemporary action films. Spielberg’s brilliant staging of the familiar clichés from those beloved b-movies gave them a new lease on life and captivated younger audiences who showed up to the theaters in droves. Starring Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones, the bookish archaeologist and sometime action hero with a pathological fear of snakes (of course there are many snakes in this film). John Williams contributed the rousing score and Douglas Slocombe provided immaculate widescreen photography fit for a David Lean epic.

As always, you can find more commentary, more reviews, more podcasts, and more deep-dives into the films you don't know you love yet over on the Trailers From Hell mothership:

http://www.trailersfromhell.com

Check out our podcast, THE MOVIES THAT MADE ME, where you can join Oscar-nominated screenwriter Josh Olson and TFH Fearless Leader Joe Dante in conversation with filmmakers, comedians, and all-around interesting people about the movies that made them who they are. Check it out now, and please subscribe wherever podcasts can be found.

Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-movies-that-made-me/id1412094313
Spotify: http://spotify.trailersfromhell.com
Libsyn: http://podcast.trailersfromhell.com
Google Play: http://googleplay.trailersfromhell.com
RSS: http://goo.gl/3faeG7

Follow us on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/trailersfromhel
Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/trailersfromhell
Check us out on Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/trailersfromhell
PT3M6S
hd
MovieID::::481
Reminds me of dead space interesting
What an amazing trailer and movie! This and the first alien!
Why did Rockstar games favorite this?
Amazing movie. p.s. Rockstargames has this Favorited.
Stop changing the aspect ratio of the original trailers please!
Best movie ever.
omg no vasquez way better
@badguylar The alien in Alien was not comlex, it was more simplistic than Cameron's. Oh wait the one from Prometheus? Yeah. I agree there.
I agree Jenny! Ridley Scott and Lindelof are making the alien too complex! Cameron made the creatures simplistic and it makes for better movies! Aliens cant be beat!
And i just saw Prometheus.. Lindelof needs to go away :-(  James Cameron wrapping or kickstarting this franchise would be amazing.
Aliens is the best sequel not only of this series but best of all time! This movie is still fucking scary!
Again CREEEEEEEPY
Prometheus trailer! For a prequel.
Alien 3 the best of the lot?!? Aliens was/is the best, hands down
Wicked trailer, they knew how to see this one. For me now "Alien 3" is the best of the sequels but this one is still finely crafted and enjoyable. Cameron cleverly reused his Rambo 2 screenplay and made a much better film this time. Thanks for posting!
72842 135 7 0 17
Original trailer for Aliens (1986)
PT1M54S
hd
MovieID::::482
I think ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST could give this film a run for "Best Italian Western".
AMAZING film. Just astounding.
Even back in the 60's, they gave away all the great moments in the film. Still worth seeing time and again.
Oh yes, and you forgot to mention that "The Ugly" and "The Bad" credits were swapped in this trailer!
47027 117 8 0 4
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 1187-1188: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::483
One of the greatest of all time but...who GAF what Colin Farrell thinks?
FYI: 'I' = Marwood. Withnail and Marwood.
It's got fuck all to do with 'love'.
It's a story about growing up and the inevitability of growing old.
Call Miriam R. #ColinFarrell
Best film ever made.
It wasn’t a love story Colin you tool
Just think. Something got paid to make this.
A film for every occasion and every mood your in when you start to watch , the only other film thats like that is........hmm!
My opinion of Farrell just went up 100%
Oh, Colin...a man after my own heart.
The ultimate bromance.
One of the best comedy films of all time. Second only to Life of Brian.
I've watched this film...  Must be 25+ times and it still makes me laugh and cry
22074 181 5 0 23
Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.
Colin Farrell discusses his favourite LOVE Film - Bruce Robinson's 1987 film "Withnail and I".

Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute
Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT1M4S
hd
MovieID::::484
Does that version have subtitles in Spanish?
i hated Juror 12
The genius of this film is that in the end, it is still abstract enough for questions- there is still strong evidence against the boy
Every Freedom loving American should watch this film, in It's entirety!!!
Now this is an old film, But even still this is a Great film
More i wont say just that Christopher Nolan had this film on his must watch list
just read the book
One of the greatest movie of all time
What a movie
Juror 8 (Fonda), aka the greatest Devil's Advocate in cinematic history.
1. The precedent ensemble
2. Simple but enthralling story
3. Sidney Lumet's debut
just watched it  i loved it

the whole movie virtually happens in the same one room!!
What a phenomenal film.  I was glued to the screen for every second of it.  The funny thing is though in the end, when you think about it, the kid probably was guilty.
I love how Fonda never says "I'm right. You're wrong." He keeps admitting throughout the entire film that he could be wrong.
They couldn't have picked three better reasons.
My favorite scene is when Fonda is trying to explain something. He sees Cobb and Webber playing Tic-Tac-Toe, goes over to them, takes the paper out from under them, angrily says, "This isn't a game!!!", and crumples it up in his left hand.
Just watched this movie, again.  Still holds up well after nearly 60 years.
1957's 12 Angry Men Is One Of My Favorite Films.
In all honesty, you only need ONE good reason to see the film.
1. (In front of the camera) One room with an excellent ensemble cast of twelve.
2. (Behind the camera) Boris Kaufman, Reginald Rose, Carl Lerner, & Sidney Lumet.
3. Simply captivating thanks to all those above. An: edge-of-your-seat masterpiece.
Such a great film. Bet dialouge
Amazing film, superb ending.
1.Henry Fonda
2.Henry Fonda's way of convincing the other 11 angry men
3.The ending is definently incredible!
Wow this movie looks really good.
A message movie that doesn't feel like a message movie.
4th reason: the awesome typography used in this video.
I know what I'm getting for myself on Black Friday.
I only have one reason. Sidney Lumet. Case closed.

Viva la Lumet!
Superb film and captivating from the beginning, masterfully directed by Lumet.
114357 362 11 0 43
Those are our three reasons. What are yours?



Out now on Blu-ray and DVD! More info: http://www.criterion.com/films/27871-12-angry-men
PT1M35S
hd
MovieID::::485
Gregory Peck has more cool than the center of the bottom cucumber.
The greatest actor of all time. Far better than Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro.
A true gentleman indeed
He was too good a man. Almost unbelievable now-a-days; and talk of GREG PECK, the Hollywood Poster Boy, one of the world's all-time biggest and most loved star. Oh Darling! you are so sorely missed now!
Thanks for this, AFI.
banter material
A great actor still sorely missed today....
28626 295 6 0 9
Actor Gregory Peck recalls a moment he shared with writer Harper Lee while filming TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD (1962). Clip is from Peck's Harold Lloyd Masters Seminar at the AFI Conservatory in 1989.

Subscribe to this channel for more exclusive videos from the AFI Archive:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmO_WjaWDwimv8Kl7GHFxAA?sub_confirmation=1

https://www.facebook.com/AmericanFilm...
https://twitter.com/AmericanFilm
https://instagram.com/americanfilmins...
http://americanfilminstitute.tumblr.com
http://www.afi.com
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::486
Why’d you stop making videos?
So much better than the original trailer
You should do a Blade Runner Trailer!
You can't find this moooovieeee with beeetter quality than here => https://twitter.com/8bfc1d45edbc536e4/status/850529244467806208
This trailer man. I come here like every week and watch it. It's just so well edited.
Great trailer for this mastepiece, man.
This film is the best vietnam film ever.
The blu ray just make me want to upgrade my dvd.
I'm back. I fucking love this thing.
Best trailer for this movie. Keep coming back to it.
Superb, well done.
What's the name of the song?
can you do more, maby jaws or once upon a time in the west
Love that tagline, especially with the music behind it- "Journey Into the Heart of Darkness"
This is great! I think this captures the film perfectly in more ways than one.
why does this only have 22 likes
Brilliant trailer for a brilliant film
Thought this was an official release. Nicely made!
Hot damn. This is a fantastic edit! You REALLY knocked it out of the park with this. Beautifully...beautifully done.
Wow! Awesome trailer for a timeless masterpiece!
48228 316 10 0 25
This is an updated Trailer for Francis Ford Coppola's film, "Apocalypse Now: Redux".

During the on-going Vietnam War, Captain Willard is sent on a dangerous mission into Cambodia to assassinate a renegade Green Beret who has set himself up as a God among a local tribe.

Released on 1979
Starring: Marlon Brando, Martin Sheen, Robert Duvall, Laurence Fishburne, Harrison Ford, Dennis Hopper

Trailer Produced & Edited by K. Adithya Ashok
PT2M29S
hd
MovieID::::487
Something I don't get, is why did Luke have a blue lightsaber in the teaser and theatrical trailers of this movie? I mean, he has his green lightsaber, because his training was complete. Why did he have a blue lightsaber in those two trailers? (I'm asking, because he lost his original blue lightsaber in Episode V on Cloud City, and he has a blue one in the two trailers, which I don't get.) @Superunknowns
11147 6 2 0 2
After rescuing Han Solo (Harrison Ford) from the palace of Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels attempt to destroy the Second Death Star, while Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) tries to bring his father back to the Light Side of the Force.



Directed by: Richard Marquand.



Cast: Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew, Ian McDiarmid, Alec Guinness, Frank Oz, David Prowse, James Earl Jones.



Release Date: May 25, 1983.



http://www.starwars.com/
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::488
Does anyone know the song that is in this trailer? I absolutely love it.
just say wow!
Agree a thousand times!
Absolutely hated this, and all of Wenders other work, UGHHHH
49742 154 3 0 8
Trailer from the Criterion release.  No copyright claims intended.
PT2M12S
sd
MovieID::::489
i ve been loving and watching this movie for a long long time.still i love it. u ve done best,perfect music,perfect secen collecton and best audio video editing.thx
loved this movie!!!
22858 41 1 0 4
The Killer / Dip huet seung hung (1989) Trailer
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097202/
Director: John Woo
Yun-Fat Chow, Danny Lee, Sally Yeh, Kong Chu
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::490
Love john gavin
hi, this movie is so cool

i love it
Un clásico indiscutible!
un dia como hoy en 1960 el mundo conoció otro tipo de terror!
46922 67 8 0 4
Trailer de Psicosis (Psycho) de 1960, protagonizada por Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh. Del director Alfred Hitchcock.
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::491
anyone knows name of music at 1:21 ?
Costumes are amazing!
Thank you for sharing this.  It's one of my favorite movies, and I love to see the trailer in HD.
what the fuck is this?
The movie is amazing but the trailer is pretty sucky....just my opinion.
Yo ya la tengo la verdad esta bien chida
Ye need to learn what humility is all about fist then worry thy precious mind with whether ye would climb greatness and supremacy! :-D be humble, human, of which ye know of nothing at all, apparently, and that just makes ye that much more shallow!
Ye need to learn what humility is all about fist then worry thy precious mind with whether ye would climb greatness and supremacy! :-D be humble, human, of which ye know of nothing at all, apparently, and that just makes ye that much more shallow!
1993's Schindler's List Is My Fifth Favorite Film Of All Time.
Um dos melhores filmes da história sem dúvida!
I think its mozart's turkish march finale
You won it! :D
it's the Symphony 25 in G minor: KV 183
The Abduction from Seraglio Finale :)
what is the music playing in the end called? :)
thank you!
\
Lisa Simpson, are you on youtube now?
what's the first piece of music played, called?
Upscaling ain't HD...
Amadeus by Milos Forman is one of the best films of the past 50 years.  F. Murray Abraham's immortal performance is one of the best in the realm of movie acting.
This movie looks amazing but it's not entirely historically accurate. Mozart worked very hard on his music and there is no evidence that Salieri wanted to murder him, but then again its historical fiction
147412 158 22 0 29
No Copyright Infringement Intended.





This Trailer called "Amadeus" HD Trailer contains content that is owned or (and) licensed by this content owner(s):

Content Owner: Music Publishing Rights Collecting Society  Music Composition

Entiteit: Music Publishing Rights Collecting Society Inhoudstype: Muziekcompositie
PT2M52S
hd
MovieID::::492
It was just on TCM 3-17-19. What a hoot. Maureen O'Hara is so beautiful.
WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MANY DAMNED ADS ON THIS ACCOUNT??? NO ADS!
Thats a very strange trailer for that Square Enix game...
RIP Maureen o hara
Want to watch the movie the quite man
http://www.ebay.com/itm/16mm-Home-Movie-JOHN-WAYNE-Quiet-Man-Movie-Set-REAL-FOOTAGE-NOT-NEWSREEL-Vintage-/172210698652?ssPageName=STRK:MESE:IT
Rest In Peace Maureen O'Hara..
Count it, You Spawn !!!
Love the Quiet Man movie! :) Went back to some of the movie locations, fabulous!
People ask me if John Wayne ever made a Romantic comedy. I said sure & show them this trailer of the Quiet Man. Thanks for uploading this video.
it is the best movie ever made
Magnificent film,  John Wayne what a Briliant actor.
The "Ol' guy is a kick! [the matchmaker
This movie had one of the greatest fight scenes in the history of the cinema.
I just love this movie it's my favorite
Why is this video so fuzzy?
The movie is timeless....but this trailer is kinda dated in it's style
out of all the movies i've seen over the years, this has to be my number one. i just never get tired of watching it.
Misogynistic.

Like a leprechaun river dancing on the bar of Cong.
was a film made purely for entertainment value for gods sake lighten up man
John Wayne must have felt such a wanker  sharing the screen with Mcglagan , read his story , amazing life he had, including heavyweight champ of British army !
Talk about giving away the entire plot in the trailer! Seriously!
obviously someone doesnt understand the term 'craic' Keyboard Warrior! Ireland Abu!!!!
well he wasnt very freaking quiet now was he?
Wow, so that's how they treated women back in the day?
Did you know that John Ford was born of Irish Parents. His father was born in Spiddal Co Galway and mother on the Aran Islands . John Ford aka Martin Patrick O'Feeney . Reared in USA but 100% Irish blood.. Google it  if you did not know this fact. A fact that I for one am very proud of. Many of his films have Irish characters or names even songs.
Say what you will, This is one of my all-time favorite movies.  I watch it every St Patrick's Day!  Will be watching it again this Sunday :)  With a glass of Uisge Beatha in ma hand!
Wow... how much has changed in two years...
Having lived and worked in Ireland and America I know that Americans have a romantic notion of the "old country". While this is fairly innocuous at times it can also be condescending with the quaint labels of the Irish population. Slightly backward repressed people with a drink problem who know how to fight.  Seems negative enough to me.
Was Ford supposed to portray Ireland in a negative light???
This is without a doubt my very FAVORITE movie of Wayne and O'Hara's together.  McClintock is a very close second, but the film being set in Ireland calls me back to my Celtic ancestry and I love that Maureen got to play up her Irish roots in it.  One of the greatest on screen couples ever, John and Maureen.  Anything with them in it together was an instant hit.  Love it!
Just ordered mine on Amazon. Love this movie! Maureen O'Hara will be in Winterset, IA in May at the John Wayne BDay celebration. She's still beautiful and is past 90!
It's coming out on Blu-Ray Jan 22!
lol this trailer makes it look like he basically kidnaps and rapes her :s
Dum dum dum dum diddle diddle dum dum........
Love this film!! Espesh the fight!!

Hollywood chocolate box view of Ireland.
Love this trailer. Lol. The narrator is awesome!
houses should have foundations!
Loooove this movie..one of "THE DUKES" best!!!  =))
this film is about one of my ancestors :) no one will believe me its about how the danahers now danhers :)
@jdooley436 Ok Thanks for the correction.
@cooljoeny69 Yes Brilliant film and great fun. May I be so bold as to correct you on >( St, Pattys) day. We in Ireland dislike that name. Saint Patricks Day or if for short Paddys day. Patty is a girls name and after all he is our Patron Saint. I mean no harm only trying to right a wrong. La Fheile Paidrig to you and your family ( Happy Patricks Day ) in Irish and I hope you get to watch the Quiet man as it is also one of my favourites and have watched it lots of times.. Go raibh an maith agat
this is one of my favorite john wayne films,and one of his best acting performances.being irish of course i watch this movie every st.patty's day.this film also has a great cast,always loved it when the duke teamed up the fiery maureen o'hara,there chemistry is one of the best in film history.also love ward bond,the man was great in every role he played especially this film,and another classic from the great john ford.
the trailer tells you the whole storyline im glad i saw this after watching the movie other wise it would have spoiled it for me
Great movie! One of the best John Wayne ever made.
Feliz cumpleaños Mrs Maurren O `Hara
@OldHollywoodMovies yeah, but i call him that lol
john wayne is the best!  Besides Jimmie Stuart of course
La fantasía es el territorio donde el alma humana se reencuentra con Dios.
John Ford won 3 oscars but Maureen should have at least won one oscar!
Great movie!

Maureen O'Hara is one of the few people not afraid to start a fight with John, either. They had great chemistry.

I looked for it on AMC. Don't get TCM :(
Great movie!

Maureen O'Hara is one of the few people not afraid to start a fight with John, either. They had great chemistry.
Great movie!
I cannot fathom why TCM isn't airing this for St. Patrick's Day.


Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!
"Have the good manners not to hit the man until he's your husband . . . and entitled to hit you back!"  LOL

Man, that little drunk matchmaker dude is the BEST!!
@aguapoeira Buy it on Amazon...!
Hope to find it one day on DVD here, in France... A great movie.
Mine fav too!!!!
328059 470 27 0 63
The Quiet Man -
PT1M44S
sd
MovieID::::493
It's no PEE WEEs BIG ADVENTURE but it's kinda good.
Coppola at its fines t
verfickter hurensohn
One of the best trailers.
Not a fan of sports movies, but I love Scorsese's films so I gave this a shot, and found a truly brilliant film about a flawed and broken man. In addition to wonderful black and white cinematography, the great story and acting, the soundtrack is also amazing.

(The film gets bonus points from me for featuring the music of Ink Spots in one scene!)
DeNiro, I am not a fan of your political views. But when you act in front of a movie camera. You are truly amazing.
Rip Jake Lamotta
i like domestic violence think it should happen more often :D
I saw it once. Didn't need to see it again. I was so moved I just sat and knew this was one of greatest films ever.
DI NERO VS STALONE WHO IS THE BETTER???
Its in our blood to be tough ,loving ,loud ,boisterous,animated.
Is rocky in it
' "It was always you Charlie..." '
Thank you Scorsesi for your another masterpiece.
How long does this trailer have to be? Felt like I watched the whole movie already lol. Love DeNiro, Pesci and Scorsese
We Got this on our exam test Lmao
Best movie of the 1980's and maybe one of the top five movies ever produced.
Unbelievable that Jake LaMotta is STILL ALIVE. 94 even with his unhealthy lifestyle lol
Probaly the greatest ever performance by an actor!!
what's the song playing?
why black and white?
I'm not a fan of Robert de niro, but this is perhaps my favorite movie with him in it. In this movie, he shows how the greatest enemy in the world is our self. Jake let his misguided jealousy, impulsive rage, and jerkass attitude drive his wife and brother away from him. He was also paranoid and a  lousy husband to his own wife.
Whenever you go to see a new release of a Martin Scorsese picture in theatres, no matter if the film isn't on par with his best work, it's still going to be one the best pictures that you'll see all year.
if only it was in color :(
beautiful film, not like anything you see nowadays. disgraceful that youngsters my age know about this
Greatest Acting ever.Period!!!
Timeless masterpiece
Gah, did anyone feel disgusted when they saw got a Paper Towns ad before watching this trailer of an amazing movie?
what is this song called again?
Perhaps the best film of the decade.
This is honestly one of the best most beautifully made films ever. The acting from De Niro is perfection, he really brings out the pure emotion in this movie, the scene where he is beating the wall still brings a tear to my eye. This is one of the only films that makes me cry, I'm a man and this story is so relatable. A man who's life slowly destroys Itself doing the only thing he loves. His perception of life outside the ring never changes throughout the movie which ultimately is his downfall. I bow my head to you Martin Scorsese for making this genius piece of art. The fact that my girlfriend whom I have been with for over a year has only seen me cry once and it was to this film shows how much of a emotional roller coaster it is. Anyone reading this who hasn't seen the film must do so now, you will not regret it. Still holds a place in my heart to this day.
This is not a movie about boxing... Its about
So did his wife really have sex with his brother and all those men? Or was he just paranoid?
Greatest movie ever
Superb piece of filmmaking.
he looks like kramer
@victor avoir

How old are you? 15?

I bet you think GI-Joe was a great movie.
@victor avoir

Go back to your room; adults are talking.
@victor avoir

You obviously have never seen it or your an idiot who doesn't know what truly great acting is.
Rocky vs Raging Bull = Grudge Match
Intermezzo from Callaveria Rusticina is such a beautiful piece of music.
Geez, old movies are so lame.
.
check my parody movie out raging bull you never got me down ray
This movie looks REALLY dumb. Scorsese is nowhere NEAR M. Night ShyaMASTER's level.
Here is a trailer to one of the greatest movies of all time, and all people want to do is compare it to Rocky
It is really a p[iece of art....i wonder y it didnt win oscar...may be its ahead of time....del nero deserved best actor award for dis one
The hallucinatory fight scenes are some of the best ever shot
A Rocky knock off
Looks more like Rocky Marciano!! the best boxer of all time! ROCCO MARCHIGIANO! 49-0
Raging Bull fans come up to me and say, 'Did you xxxx my wife?' and I say, 'Certainly. Doesn't everyone?' - Joe Pesci. Lol.
Raging Bull is one of the greatest movies ever!
One of the best films ever made. Its that simple..
Incredible Performance.I Think even better than J.Nicholson in One flew over the cockoo's Nest and M.Brando on the Godfather.
greatest boxing movie all time
I love this movie, but I have to ask; why cant nobody make a good Ray Robinson movie?
Classic!!!!!!!!
DeNiro you legend!
Awesome movie
One of the best films ever
One of the greatest movies of all time.
damn this film is soooo good
Different kind of soul and heart in this film. I'd say they both have equal amounts of emotion, both just as raw as the other. You're talking about two completely different films that emit completely different extremes. It's like comparing 'The Godfather', to 'Goodfellas'. Two completely different films all together.
Scorsese has always made great films
the departed was atrocious
I'm my honest opinion, I like rocky better than raging bull because rocky had more soul and heart
We all know that Rocky movies are the best trough history but sometimes can be forgotten.
Are you retarded or retarded?
Oh really? So if someone asked you what the film is about, you'd tell them it's about a man...
when i first watched it
Best Deniro & Pesci acting of all time
Just like taxi driver...
Raging bull IS BACK!
Knowing yourself is wiseness, knowing the others is superior wiseness.
You see the thing is tho i was 17 when that comment was posted. 18 now since then lol. I know how youtube is im a teengager myself, i express myself on this site as well. i just got kind of bummed out when i found out my favorite film got invaded by a lot of imature children :(
i think pulp fiction / shawshank good bad and ugly are a step below kane and bull
Even the song to the trailer is a classic
lol that kind of invalidates my comment...funny stuff
remove "boxing" and your line would be correct
If it's true that they plan a remake with tom hardy I would be so damn happy
thats cause you are an idiot
Better then the Godfather..imo the greatest movie ever made..
One of the best films ever made. Dazzling. Just Dazzling.
This film had great cinematography, brilliant actors and a beautiful soundtrack. Unfortunately it bored me because I didn't care at all about any of the characters and their tragic lifes (except for the kids who witness violence). Other Scorsese films also have despicable characters (Goodfellas, Casino, The King of Comedy or even Taxi Driver) but all of those films glued my eyes to the tube/screen. Pity I can't appreciate this masterpiece (even though Scorsese is one of my favourite directors).
Well, that's pretty much the distinction made between a great movie & a good movie.  Raging Bull is a great movie.  The Departed is a good movie.
The people comparing this to Rocky are either retards or teenagers desperate to be cool. The only thing they have in common is boxing. Rocky is about courage, and emerging from the slums. This is a story about redemption and character study. Rocky is closer to a fairy tail, it's fictional. This is a BIOGRAPHIC film. So stop, right fucking now. If you're still comparing them then you're an idiot.
Are you sure that you're 30? Because you talk like a kid...
Oh my God! How can you do`nt understand? I didn't compare each other. I just said that The Departed was a good movie. I didn't compare them. I prefer Raging Bull than The Departed, but as I said, I DIDN'T COMPARE EACH OTHER!
Sorry dummy Im far from a hipster....but I just dont think the Departed is anywhere on the same galaxy with movies that Scorcese made earlier in his life such as Mean Streets / Taxi Driver / Raging Bull...The Departed is over-sensationalized CRAP...sure the move is entertaining - but thats where it ends - it doesnt go anywhere deeper in terms of studying the characters as oppose to his previous movies which so beautifully showed why these people did what they did and what got them there
First of all calm down ...I really dont care what movies you like so I wont be searching anything..Here is the thing..Im glad you have a great taste in movies but at 15 there are only certain things you know about life, and when u get to my age (im 30) you will have a different apprecation of movies then you had at 15....same as when I get to 45, 60 ect I will have a different apprecation for movies as well...when you hit 30 you will see the difference between the 2...and the difference is HUGE
Shut up. You don't even know me e and are saying that I have a 75- IQ and I don't have a good cinema taste. You are so fool, that you don't know what you read. I DIDN'T COMPARE THE DEPARTED AND RAGING BULL! What an idiot ¬¬

PS: If you want to know what movies I like, search Facebook Arthur Azir.

PSS: I'm not a "20 year old kid". I'm fifteen and I have a GREAT cinema taste.
Well fuck you too. You sound like a hipster tool, going against the grain for the sake of standing out...
Hey dummy..Im not a critic...im just a person who has watched movies for a long time.So I went on here and said that compared to RB that the Departed is a piece of shit..and it is..and if you had an iq higher then 75 and any sort of cinema taste or background you would see the same...but you are most likely some idiot 20 year old kid that took movies 101 and think QT is a god..again if you that that the departed is on same galaxy as raging bull - then you are lost and there is no help 4u
the only one who thinks the departed is bad? sure if you ask all your jerk off 16 year old friends they will all tell you they loved it..but plenty of people dislike it - they gave scorcese best director more as a lifetime achievement award for him being snubbed so many times...maybe i shouldnt say its horrible..but The Departed is certainly a VERY BAD movie when you compare it to his other classics especially Raging Bull..its not even a top 10 of the movies hes directed..but you're 2 dumb 2c it
You are the only one who thinks the Departed is bad. It's a literal fact that it isn't...
What? I think you are one of those "critics" who prefer Casablanca than The Godfather.
1275443 1975 61 0 807
This is a trailer of 1980's movie Raging Bill, starring Robert DeNiro playing Jake LaMotta.



Based on the life and career of boxer Jake LaMotta.
PT2M13S
sd
MovieID::::494
William Friedkin is a genius director. Love listening to this dude talk.
That's not what Anhedonia is. Anhedonia is a state where the person is unable to experience pleasure.
Love and Death is better.
Mr. Billy Friedkin... love the guy.
The Film was great primarily owing to it's narrative form, the style tat made the golden age of Movie-lore.
11397 113 2 0 8
In this clip, William Friedkin (director of THE EXORCIST and THE FRENCH CONNECTION) discusses Woody Allen's ANNIE HALL. The film ranks #2 on AFI's List of the Top 10 Romantic Comedies.

Connect with us:
http://www.facebook.com/AmericanFilmInstitute
http://www.facebook.com/AFIFEST
@AmericanFilm
@AFIFest
http://afi-afifest.tumblr.com/
PT2M17S
sd
MovieID::::495
Bad preview. (Typical for the time). But one of the best movies ever made.
Risking their lives for a cold war and weapons makers. Sad tbh.
As a fan of aviation I've found it amazing!
Shephard :  "Sounds dangerous.  Count me in".
Rocket the Racoon :  "Oh, what the hell, I don't have that long a lifespan anyway".
This was an interesting movie.  Because if you think about it,
this, could be interpreted as Soviet Propaganda.
They, the astronauts, are really cosmonauts,
.. heros of the Proletariat, the working classes.
For they reject what they do for money - no, they do what they
do, because they wish to better themselves, and are not interested
in "capitalism", fame and fortune, consumer fetishism, etc.  They
have, "the right stuff".  To they who are familiar with Marx's writings
on "dialectical materialism", it is obvious that these guys represent an
evolutionary step - man overcoming baser desires of accumulating
capital, or wealth, but interested in noble work, for the social good -
to "push the envelope" of humanistic endeavors... the space race.

Even that line, "I attend church regularly" comes across as a
proletariat uber-mensch, mocking the lessor masses who yet sleep...
For many, "the sane", would be of the opinion, "Umm, no, I get the
gist of it, wherefore, no need to attend regularly".  But the capitalist
press, who wish the masses to remain under the sway of that opiate,
love that line.  They, and NASA, represent the owners, and the Press,
their Ministry of Propaganda, which they, the cosmonauts must
overcome - in the interest of the Proletariat, themselves.

"I'm running this show"... "Oh yeah, we'll see about that".
And so, the Revolution continues.

Umm, too far-fetched?
This is horribly shot and cheesy as all hell!
Nolan is influenced by the most horrendous movies lol.
hola ! nolan fans :D
Hellogreedo brought me here!
Sounds like my kind of film!
Hmm, maybe I'm lucky for not being the negative-thinking type, Gus was always one of my favorites in this movie.  But then, first time I saw the movie was when I was 5, lol.  Still, I've always loved Gus, and I still do, and I believe in my heart had Apollo 1 gone well, Gus would have been the first man to walk on the moon, and it breaks me up that he never got that chance.
Bad choice cutting to the Halelujah Chorus at the end.   Real bad.
Yep.  Gus got the shaft from the book and movie.  He did a fine job on Gemini.
HelloGreedo brought me here.

Gus and Betty Grissom were treated like SHIT in this movie and the way they were depicted was complete BULLSHIT. in fact Betty Grissom SUED Warner Brothers  for defimation and got a multi-million dollar settlement.
This trailer should have less talking.
79889 108 3 0 26
Phillip Kaufman's amazing adaptation of the book by Tom Wolfe.  One of the great movies of the 80's, or any era.  Shamefully overlooked and underrated by everyone but the critics.  Siskel and Ebert both picked "The Right Stuff" as their top film of 1983.
PT3M34S
sd
MovieID::::496
looks terrible...
But I still LOVE IT!
OMG how ridiculous this is after 20 years:D
i didnt know peter jackson had this horror background... i remember seeing this vhs at the video store in the 90s
37548 46 9 0 4
Directed by: Peter Jackson.



A.K.A.

Braindead.

You're Mother Ate my Dog.

Repulsate.

Dead of Fright.



Plot:

A young man's mother is bitten by a Sumatran rat-monkey. She gets sick and dies, at which time she comes back to life, killing and eating dogs, nurses, friends, and neighbors.



OWN IT ON DVD!:

http://www.amazon.com/Dead-Alive-Timothy-Balme/dp/157362408X/ref=pd_bxgy_d_img_c
PT1M49S
sd
MovieID::::497
Thats practically the whole movie ha
rAnd yet one of the worst trailers ever.  I would negver have watched the movie if I had seen this first.
One of the best movies ever.
59019 56 4 0 4
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 0-23: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::498
Before Charlton Heston said.. My God You......
Now this is one heck of a movie!
Noir Masterpiece.
Janet Leigh complained about Orson Welles constant flatulence on the set. Orson tried to mask his fetid gas with a cigar to no avail
What can you say Akim Tamiroff's hairpiece, Charlton Heston's mustache, bongos, juvenile delinquents and Orson, yeah that's right Orson Wells, the genius, painting a picture of himself as the ugliest, sweatiest, dirtiest, downright nastiest cop you've ever seen. Turn up the sound, let's watch it again!
Opening shot through to the end are a masterclass on how to make a film.
Seeing this in the cinema tonight - can't wait.
Janet Leigh really should learn her lesson when it comes to staying at motels.
Great opening shot, great soundtrack and great director. Looking forward to watching this at the BFI.
Best film of all time IMHO (Yup Citizen Kane is my #3) - if you haven't seen it, see it...
Our explosive new trailer for noir masterpiece Touch of Evil has landed!

Meet Orson Welles’ most brutal creation…
75738 264 2 0 21
Here’s our brand new trailer for Orson Welles’ noir masterpiece Touch of Evil, which returns to cinemas across the UK from 10 July.
Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.

Book tickets here: http://bit.ly/1A3veVc
For more information on the nationwide release click here

http://www.bfi.org.uk/whats-on/bfi-film-releases/touch-evil

“A brilliant fusion of pulp art with continental sophistication; it has all the energetic cruddiness of a Sammy Fuller ‘B’ picture, and all the self-consciousness of a New Wave melodrama.”
James Naremore, The Magic World of Orson Welles, 1978

Charlton Heston (starring here as Mexican border cop Mike Vargas) was apparently instrumental in persuading B-movie producer Albert Zugsmith to hire Orson Welles – who hadn’t directed in Hollywood for a decade – to make Touch of Evil.

Beginning with one of the most celebrated tracking shots in cinema history, a bravura three-minute take in which a bomb is planted in a car that then explodes after crossing the US border, Welles created a baroque, highly stylised masterpiece from inauspiciously pulpy source material.

With its story of murder, marijuana and police corruption, Touch of Evil is considered among the last of the 1940s/50s cycle of crime thrillers known as film noir. Welles’ vivid turn as corpulent bent cop Quinlan provided one of the genre’s most memorable villains.

Iniquity south of the border also colours Welles’ prior film noir, The Lady from Shanghai (1947), starring his then-wife Rita Hayworth.


Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute
Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::499
Today Commemorates Marcello Mastroianni's 95th Birthday <3
MM was the Best Italian leading man and JP Belmondo was the best French leading man. Two of the Coolest ever!
BS. Dont waste your time.
Just clips from 81/2. The message is just: man dress up!! The proper way. Not all black suits and tie look the same..
ONORARE I GRANDI ATTORI ITALIANI DEL PASSATO..MENTRE IO SONO NEL PRESENTE..RIK MARTINO/HOLLYWOOD/CALIFORNIA/USA
Also being cool was invented by Italians.
Nice taste¡¡
beautiful il maestro
What song is that?
Saw it for the first time in the cinema a couple of weeks ago, thank you very much for the rerelease cos this is an absolutely astounding film.
30744 387 9 0 11
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u2044' in position 129: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::500
A masterpiece
watched the movie and I didnt understand quite a few things.. So was Mulwary actually having an affair with Evelyn's daughter ?? Who made those old people purchase the lands without them knowing it and how ?
The way Huston, as Noah Cross, hisses the word "anything" sends a chill down the spine...
I don’t know why, but I just can’t get over this first scene. The way affection is expressed between Mr. G and Mrs. M, along with the beautiful score in the background, the entire scene is just beautifully crafted. And it puts me in a place I’m so unfamiliar but familiar with.. (that feeling when you let yourself be vulnerable with someone else)
China town with no chinese in it..lol ducks
Great film, too bad Polanski is such a sicko.
"A case that has shadowed him to this day." Gosh, I wonder why?
You know it's a good movie when you want to repeat the whole movie after the ending credits, so that you can pick up the endless hidden clues. Masterpiece.
_"Forget it Jake, It's Chinatown."_
One of the most sinister endings ever put on film.
Personal all time favorite movie. It's perfect.
So in this entire review he praises everything and everyone involved with the exception of the great Faye Dunaway,
the ending is messed up xD really good ending, but messed up
1: 27 Crispin Glover's dad on the far left
Well, I'm glad the comments aren't reduced to a witch hunt of Polanski and Nicholson. The artist can be ridiculed and even destroyed. But their art - if it honestly stands on its own merits should be respected.
Top to bottom - *a perfect film!*
One of the most underrated films..
Brilliant story. It is so rare for us nowadays to get such an intelligent screenplay. Instead we get giant stupid robots and mind numbing ghosts.
To be honest, I think Penn's "Night Moves" is just as good.
Amazing series of videos, truly.
direction of a film is more important than its production
I don't know why but Donald Trump comes to mind.
Greatest movie of all time!
Film making does not get any better. Brilliantly crafted in every aspect.
Favorite Polanski film and my favorite noire film
Nicholson's best performance  (along with Cuckoos Nest, Last Detail).."Chinatown" is brilliantly written with a superb, intricate  plot.Polanski typically manages to create a dark, ominous tone as only he  can..Dunaway is superb John Huston is simultaneously charming and frightening..One of the great films of that magnificent 70's decade..I'm quite content to  watch this , Mean Streets, The Conversation,Godfather, Annie Hall, All the Presidents Men etc on DVD and forever stay in the 70s
I don't think the film is about evil. Evil is hidden in this movie, because it's weak. You can have all the "power" in the world, like the old man, and you can own your daughters, but they hate you. The true story is about Jack's character, who tried to do the right thing on every turn, but he was so fanatic that he left himself vulnerable to defeat.
....and both ,Polanski and Capra were in a round table while making a program about cinema. They had a tendency to argue obviously.
@malows1234 I agree that Nolan could be making more original movies, but I certainly don't agree that Batman should be directed by Bay. That's just insane. The recent Batman movies are fortunate to have a good director behind them, and The Dark Knight and Batman Begins are more than just action scenes. :| Compare TDK to Transformers 3.



Don't worry, it's not like Batman is the only thing Nolan's been doing. Inception?
@malows1234 Wait, so you bash Nolan films and then call Memento a masterpeice? :|



Oh, I agree about Batman. TDK is a great movie but it's not quite a masterpeice.
@malows1234 If by Batman you mean The Dark Knight, then you must be mistaked. The Dark Knight is a mighty fine movie about what it means to be a hero.
@malows1234 the purpose of a film is to entertain so no you are wrong , snobby psuedo intellectual losers like you dont matter to make yourself feel superior you pretend your taste in movies or music somehow makes you some sort of artistic intellectual it illuminates you as a sad moms basement dweller who cant succeed at anything important YOU MAKE A GREAT MOVIE AND THEN MAYBE YOU MIGHT IMPRESS ME liking china town doesnt make you anything
@malows1234 hes a great artist so was picasso or dali, jim morrison being a great artist does not excuse criminal behavior any more than o js football carreer excused his homicde of his wife, i wonder if you excuse mel gibsons anti semitism or women beating becuase hes a popular actor i bet your forgiven ness is slective isnt it theres more going on in your mind than art your part of an army of degenrates trying to pollute western culture..dont think you fool anyone
rodents in holly wood like him parasites bleeding america dry and filling its theaters with filth.. they drag down this nation as they dragged down other nations.. just to make money.. history teaches us what happens to such rodents
@malows1234 it is unlawful to buy off a witness so polanski is guilty of another crime he is still wanted he steps one step into the united states his ass is in jail where he will be so popular.. the judge was unlawfull i dont think so a judge has discresionary power if he had abused that it could have been taken to the supreme court polanski is just a dirty little jerk a manipulative little cretin with no morals who invaded the united states and started raping our children there are lots of
@malows1234 yu obviously dont know the law how old are you if the mother wanted her to be raped then she goes to jail too the law exists to protect the child, your not very bright or very immature.. and you can not say anything you like over the internet, you cant make threats and if you havent violated the law by expressing admiration for tha act of child rape you made yourself a target congratulations
@malows1234 your probably on some sex offenders list arnt you ? every one knows what you people are like scorcesee is italain hes a man who is decent and respects the family.. not some disgusting pervert who rapes 13 year old girls.. too bad polanski survived charlse manson and ww2
@malows1234 rapist
I love the Jerry Goldsmith score on this movie ...
truly one of the greatest films ever made....
First comment?!?! :D
73158 575 13 0 65
A. O. Scott looks back at Roman Polanski's meditation on evil.

Related Article: http://nyti.ms/ai6ZJB

Subscribe to the Times Video newsletter for free and get a handpicked selection of the best videos from The New York Times every week: http://bit.ly/timesvideonewsletter

Subscribe on YouTube: http://bit.ly/U8Ys7n

Watch more videos at: http://nytimes.com/video

---------------------------------------------------------------

Want more from The New York Times?

Twitter: https://twitter.com/nytvideo

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nytimes

Google+: https://plus.google.com/+nytimes/

Whether it's reporting on conflicts abroad and political divisions at home, or covering the latest style trends and scientific developments, New York Times video journalists provide a revealing and unforgettable view of the world. It's all the news that's fit to watch. On YouTube.

Critics' Picks - Critics' Picks: 'Chinatown' - nytimes.com/video
http://www.youtube.com/user/TheNewYorkTimes
PT3M51S
sd
MovieID::::501
good stuff, but where is professor bernhard?
2332 6 0 0 1
The Day The Earth Stood Still Trailer 1951
Director: Robert Wise
Starring: Hugh Marlowe, Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, Sam Jaffe, Billy Gray, Francis Bavier

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

A well meaning space alien lands on the Earth to deliver his message of peace and the dangers of nuclear weapons. Great special effects, especially his robot pal, Gort.

Movie, The Day The Earth Stood Still Movie,The Day The Earth Stood Still Trailer,The Day The Earth Stood Still 1951, Robert Wise,Hugh Marlowe, Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, Sam Jaffe, Billy Gray, Francis Bavier
PT1M3S
sd
MovieID::::502
Marx brothers are my heroes!
It's by far the best Marx Brothers film.
One of my favorite comedies.  Probably the best Marx Brothers Paramount picture.  A political comedy almost similar to Dr. strangelove.
"I'll teach you to kick me!"
"You don't have to teach me, I know how!"

Glad to see a Marx Bros movie on this channel. Though I think Night at the Opera was their best one.
poor zeppo!!
I particularly enjoy when he says he's someone I have to look up.
I love your work Sid!
Your Chanel is gold . just found it . john Landis is my new favorite youtuber
My purpose in Life is to help as many people become the Best they can be. Please go to: www.hightrafficwizard.info to see if what I offer can help you. I'm willing to bet you'll be intrigued, and perhaps eager, to look into it. Either way, I Thank You.
I love the scene where Groucho tells Harpo to go out and recruit more troops, so then you see Harpo walking around on the battlefield with tanks going by wearing a 'join the navy/see the world!' sandwich board.  :crying: too funny
Sig Ruman? I thought that was Rufus T. Firefly?!!?
8578 108 2 0 11
http://www.trailersfromhell.com
PT2M1S
hd
MovieID::::503
Honestly, this should've been like a teaser trailer for it. It's short, sweet, simple, and scary.
I remember in 1980 when they showed this trailer at the theatre it was so scary sort of like the Exorcist but even so  I could not wait to see it. The movie is a masterpiece and I cannot wait to see Part 2. Dr. Sleep.
If you try this nowadays people will just check their phones and ruin the tension for themselves.
Actually, this wasn't a teaser trailer -- it was the only trailer in the U.S..   Kubrick had full control over everything and didn't want to cut a trailer with any scenes in it.    Only the 30 second  TV spots that ran on NBC, CBS and ABC had quick clips.
OH WOW!!!! I remember seeing this teaser trailer the first and only time back in the cinema when I went to see with my dad "Hero At Large", a comedy-action-adventure starring the late John Ritter and Anne Archer! And the amazing thing about it is that I still remember this trailer as if I saw it back in 1980! It scared the shit out of me and it wasn't until I was in my teens that I finally got the courage to see the film and it is one of the best horror films ever made!

Jack Nicholson is a great actor and he puts 200% in everything he is in! Shelley Duvall is also wonderful, as well as Danny Lloyd and the late Scatman Crothers! I look forward to reading the book as I understand there are some differences between the book and movie. Plus, I'm also looking forward to reading the sequel book, "Doctor Sleep" and the upcoming film in November!

You can check out the "Doctor Sleep" teaser trailer here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2msJTFvhkU4

Enjoy!  :)
I remember that that movie since I was 7 or 8 years old back in 2004 or 2005
I remember the first time I saw The Shining. I think I was 7 or 8. My parents were very lenient and let us watch whatever we wanted. The river of blood scene has always stuck with me. Like a feeling of dread humming in my chest. This scene would throw me into years of fascination with horror.
That's strange, usually the blood gets off on the second floor
Doctor Sleep brought me back here...
Teaser trailer
When all the girls synchronise...
Oh this show is weird
This is what a good trailer is all about.  Has anyone ever watched an amazing trailer chock full of awesome quick scenes only to find when you watch the movie all the good parts were already in the trailer?
robot horror music
One of the creepiest trailers ever!!!! The static shot and music are in perfect "harmony", if that is the word, and then all that blood comes pouring out... weird as hell!
Hi Alex, the US cut of has never had an official UK release either in cinemas or on DVD/Blu-ray. We hope that cinema-goers nationwide will relish the opportunity to experience the longer version of Kubrick’s masterpiece in a magnificent new digital transfer from Warner Bros.
The longer version has been shown in the UK many times, easy to obtain too!
I hate old hotels because of this movie. Nice quality for a Trailer!
Some of the scenes in this movie haunted for years when I was a kid.
107165 210 18 0 28
The Shining (1980) - trailer. Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.

Book tickets: http://bit.ly/O0eZWN

Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece of modern horror is widely considered to be the most terrifying movie of all time.

Based on Stephen King's bestselling novel, this tale of a family man and would-be writer (Jack Nicholson) going mad as winter caretaker of the cursed Overlook Hotel is a seminal work of the genre. It is also, as Martin Scorsese has pointed out, like no other horror film ever made -- 'essentially unclassifiable, endlessly provocative and profoundly disturbing'. The BFI will release a magnificent new digital transfer from Warner Bros. of the US version which has never before been released in the UK and which -- at 144 minutes -- runs 24 minutes longer than the European version previously seen.

Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmInstitute
Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilminstitute/
PT1M54S
hd
MovieID::::504
One of the greatest films ever made in the 1960s alongside The Italian Job, Dr No and Goldfinger.
Generation after Generation Always of the Phillipines!
norman reedus
love the ps2 game
Best movie EVER
Von Ryan’s Express was better.
Mcqueen is a sweeney. Macsuibhne. Relative.
Favorite movie of all time right here.
The best war movie in history
Beautiful, wonderful, touching movie. Thanks.
Brave, and very creative, men. Thanks for posting!
164831 630 25 0 18
Starring: Steve McQueen, James Garner and Richard Attenborough
The Great Escape (1963) Official Trailer - Steve McQueen Movie

Allied P.O.W.s plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.

Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
We're on SNAPCHAT: http://bit.ly/2cOzfcy
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT3M31S
hd
MovieID::::505
One of my favorite movies..
clinet eastwood right about unforgiven !!!
As I said, I also love the film and have to agree that its the film that Eastwood has made.  The acting is great, and I like how it differed from other westerns.  Though My favorite film that eastwood directed was gran torino. Fuck slumdog millionare and the dark knight, that should have won best picture.
Unforgiven was the film that sparked my interest of Westerns. It also made me a fan of Clint Eastwood. I love the set design and the story line in Unforgiven. Without it, I wouldn't be interested in westerns, let alone Clint Eastwood! I saw other Eastwood films like J. Edgar. Unforgiven launched me into liking westerns and Clint Eastwood! Unforgiven is not only my favorite western, but also my favorite Clint Eastwood of all-time!
Unforgiven is a fantastic film, but I would put the searchers and the good the bad and the ugly before it on a best westerns ever list. Imo of course.
Unforgiven: Best Western Ever! The cast is brilliant! Clint Eastwood, Gene Hackman, Morgan Freeman, and Richard Harris deliver fantastic performances! Unforgiven is a masterpiece!
I wish for one day Clint would wear the poncho again you see in the background
0:40 - 1:53 Very valuable.
Such an excellent film, deeply moving - wonderful performance from Clint and Freeman
Merry Clintsxmas everyone!!!
Happy Birthday, Clint!
Happy Birthday, Clint :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, CLINT!
happy bday clint
@skyaftermath 4th in fact
just watched High Plains Drifter today. happy birthday clint
a true living legend, enjoy your day mr. eastwood!
happy birthday clint
22356 119 1 0 20
Legendary American Film icon Clint Eastwood on making UNFORGIVEN, and on making a Western film more true to what living in that time period might have really been like.
PT2M36S
sd
MovieID::::506
Starring: Donald Trump, Michael Flynn, Carter Page, and Paul Manafort
Good movie but not Frankenheimer's best.
I've never seen this film, but I'm interested. Is it as unique as it claims to be?
I came in 3 seconds 0:08
20074 105 3 0 12
THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE is available on Criterion Blu-ray/DVD 3/15/2016: https://www.criterion.com/films/28784...

Set in the early fifties, this adaptation Richard Condon’s novel concerns the decorated U.S. Army sergeant Raymond Shaw (Laurence Harvey), who as a prisoner during the Korean War is brainwashed into becoming a sleeper assassin in a Communist conspiracy, and a fellow POW (Frank Sinatra) who slowly uncovers the plot.
PT1M53S
hd
MovieID::::507
I wish more people from my generation appreciated class films. I don't know anybody who watches them (and I live on a college campus).
Raymond Massey? I always thought that was Boris Karloff.
I've always loved this movie. Frank Capra made the best movies, this one is fast paced from beginning to end. Also hysterical. Those two aunts were funny and a bit crazy.
En españolll por favor gracias
Oh boy I can't wait for auditions this Saturday I hope I nail a good part!
A friend asked me what this movie is about I literally said "it's about a man who finds out his elderly aunt's are murdering drifters and getting their mentally handicap son to bury them in the basement." The look I got back was priceless.
The quintessential dark comedy masterpiece. Cary Grant shows what a great comedy actor he can be as a member of the twisted Brewster family. The movie was shot in 1941 but not released until 1944 when the Broadway version had finished its run. Boris Karloff played the demented Jonathan Brewster on Broadway, but opted out of being in the movie. He was replaced by Raymond Massey who give a deliciously evil performance. The constant reference to Jonathan looking "like Karloff" is a joking reminder of who actually played Jonathan. The "movie" that Aunt Abby was so frightened by and influenced Peter Lorre's Dr. Einstein is "Frankenstein" which of course starred Karloff.
Love this movie it’s great, too too funny Cary Grant is awesome in this. A real classic.
Watch Dan Fogelburgs video on Youtube Lonely in Love it shows clips from this movie
I only know this movie exists thanks to marvel runaways comic book
chaaaaaaaaaaarge
Rest
In
Panama
This movie is fucking hilarious, I laughed my ass off! Cary Grant was an amazing actor and a very funny guy.
Greaaaattt movie >)
My school just did this show for a fall play and it was hilarious!! I really wished I would've auditioned for it. It would've been fun to play in, but never the less it was still a really great show. I laughed my head off! Lol
Melhor comédia de todos os tempos. Sensacional. O melhor de Frank Capra e Cary Grant.
Raymond Massey and Peter Lorre had great chemistry in this movie.
Such an funny, dark, and quirky movie. I love every character, but especially the aunts. Bless their sweet, homocidal hearts!
It was great to see the quick behind the scenes glimpse and the scene that was cut out of the movie.
are u thinkin what im thinkin?
I remember the first time I ever saw this; it was '98 and I was thirteen y/o. The last day of school before the Thanksgiving break, our drama teacher had this for us to watch and we immediately became hooked!!!! I'll never forget, we ran out of time - she had to stop the film right when, dum dum DUUUM, brother Jonathan walks in to the dark house!!! What a cliffhanger. We all howled in wanting to know what happened. So I raced home and begged my parents to take me out to rent it, and they did! :)
Happy Birthday Peter Lorre !!
old trailers were so much better

99739 415 11 0 34
Arsenic and Old Lace (1944) Official Trailer - Cary Grant, Peter Lorre Movie HD
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

A drama critic learns on his wedding day that his beloved maiden aunts are homicidal maniacs, and that insanity runs in his family.

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT2M50S
sd
MovieID::::508
7692 16 0 0 0
He was never in time for his classes, then one day he wasn't in his time at all.

Marty McFly, a typical American teenager of the Eighties, is accidentally sent back to 1955 in a plutonium-powered DeLorean "time machine" invented by slightly mad scientist. During his often hysterical, always amazing trip back in time, Marty must make certain his teenage parents-to-be meet and fall in love - so he can get back to the future.
PT1M19S
hd
MovieID::::509
At 0:25 when you realized the Lion is a Male.
Back when movies were literally great and inspiring. Don't get me wrong, all of the Avengers movies, all the lord of the ring movies, and all the harry potter movies were pretty good, but there's hardly any good classic tales of friendships like this movie told..
Knock on the head

Fake medieval news: 6 women fatally burned, tied to trees on a lawn in South Carolina. It must be a JWO plot. Anachronism,
Wish it didn't have the music over top, made it hard to hear the dialogue
Apparently this is Judge Judy's favourite film so she says.
How I love a story. Gripped from first to last. Cried & laughed. Beautiful film. Friendship never dies but new ones develop based on the loyalty  that is in your heart & the implicit knowledge you care.
A good solid trailer for a truly great film, sadly I can't remember when I last saw a great film, it must have been made at least 10 years ago now, all those billions spent on films in that time and not one single great film, films appear to have totally lost their magic.
When attempting to solve a set of simultaneous (no temporal component) equations, a mathematician first considers extrema and inflection points - you gotta know where the edge is.
105335 231 10 0 8
Fried Green Tomatoes Trailer 1991
Director: Jon Avnet
Starring: Cicely Tyson, Jessica Tandy, Kathy Bates, Mary Stuart Masterson, Mary-Louise Parker, Stan Shaw

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

Fannie Flagg's serio-comic story of a retirement home resident who inspires a lonely housewife with a tale about her Depression-era youth. Wonderful female ensemble!

Movie, Fried Green Tomatoes Movie,Fried Green Tomatoes Trailer,Fried Green Tomatoes 1991, Jon Avnet,Cicely Tyson, Jessica Tandy, Kathy Bates, Mary Stuart Masterson, Mary-Louise Parker, Stan Shaw
PT2M31S
sd
MovieID::::510
1:06 Roberto Benigni wearing Converse. F*cking Awesome!
The movie that turned me on to the music of Tom Waits. I saw the film at a local art theater and ran a few shops down to the nearby record store and found Rain Dogs with Jockey Full of Bourbon. It was a voice like I had never heard before and became an instant fan. Too bad he didn't tour like regular muscians because he is high on my wishlist of performers I'd love to see live. Sadly, I never got to see Lou Reed live. Can't wait for Jim Jarmusch's vampire movie.
Robero Bernini. And finding an Italian restaurant int he middle of the Bayou.

Excellent film!
Such a cool movie.
1 - Jim Jarmusch
2 - Tom Waits
3 - The Soundtrack
Reason 4:   Cookedah.  Rabbitah.  It kind of tastes like a tire.
I ham a good egg!
20381 150 0 0 8
Those are our three reasons. What are yours?

Out July 17 on Blu-ray, out now on DVD: http://www.criterion.com/films/719-down-by-law
PT1M32S
hd
MovieID::::511
I don’t remember this trailer with that dudes voice? I just watched my VHS copy of akira that came with the U.S. trailer at the end of the credits and it was nothing like this.
I can believe this movie AKIRA (1988) was limited in 1989 for the U.S. release. I hope it was released in 1989 in the United States.
31826 80 9 0 5
Akira Trailer 1989
Director: Katsuhiro Otomo
Starring: Barbara Goodson, Tarô Ishida, Tony Pope, Mitsuo Iwara, Nozomu Sasaki, Lara Cody

Official Content From Streamline Pictures

Adult Japanese animated feature about evil government experiments leading up to and following the atomic destruction of Tokyo.

Movie, Akira Movie,Akira Trailer,Akira 1989, Katsuhiro Otomo,Barbara Goodson, Tarô Ishida, Tony Pope, Mitsuo Iwara, Nozomu Sasaki, Lara Cody
PT45S
sd
MovieID::::512
Good movie shit trailer.
thanks! all time classic film.

37272 39 5 0 7
1967 trailer for Cool Hand Luke starring Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J. D. Cannon, Strother Martin, Jo Van Fleet, Anthony Zerbe, Harry Dean Stanton, Dennis Hopper
PT2M42S
sd
MovieID::::513
Winona is so gorgeous!
I recall watching this in the 90’s on UK tv, anyone know what year that would have been?
What is this even about???
Reminds me of being an Uber driver!  Lol
The taxi driver from 1:15 look like Millie  Bobby  Brown
one of my favourites
Such a great movie
Roberto and Winona playing? Ok imma watch this!!!
One of my ALL-TIME favorite films!!!
Etc.,.ok.,.but they needed a commercial to hire more taxis drivers...
Etc.,.ok.,.she wanted to be a movie star...
This seems like a hidden gem. I'm watching this today.
Its in cinemas in Turkey
Sweet Winona
Hi Jarmusch fans! Come check our 7 fact video about Jim.
Good film, it only has one contradiction. He hired the famous actors to play the losers, so it's the best playing the worst. It doesn't make sense at all. This guy should have watched Pasolini during his early years.
"I'm sorry I sound calm, I assure you I'm hysteric". Lol!
Winona <3. Great movie, btw.
The movie is so under-appreciated
Béatrice Dalle the blind woman was HOT!
250924 883 22 0 32
Subscribe to our Facebook page for movie news, trailers, reviews and other interesting posts.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Silver-Screen/1392392501042173?ref=hl

Directed by Jim Jarmusch
Produced by Jim Jarmusch
Jim Stark
Written by Jim Jarmusch
Starring Gena Rowlands
Winona Ryder
Roberto Benigni
Music by Tom Waits
Cinematography Frederick Elmes
Editing by Jay Rabinowitz

Night on Earth is a 1991 film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch. It is a collection of five vignettes, taking place during the same night, concerning the temporary bond formed between taxi driver and passenger in five cities: Los Angeles, New York, Paris, Rome, and Helsinki. Jarmusch wrote the screenplay in about eight days, and the choice of certain cities was largely based on the actors with whom he wanted to work.[1] The soundtrack of the same name is by Tom Waits.
PT2M24S
sd
MovieID::::514
This is a very good film. The colors used really appeal to the eyes. The film could be seen as a criticism of the Chinese contemporary government.
Bought mine from Amazon. Great movie.
China hated it this movie because this is what they carried. They couldn't face their own TRUTH that they still do this. They think it's a discrimination for doing this; however, HOW IS IT REALLY?

I ain't no Chinese, but I see the fallacy in China.
If I wasn't all packed up (moving) I would put this on. It's amazingly beautiful and horrible simultaneously. Easily in my top 10 movies of all time. Saw it on bravo way back in the 90s when I was a teenager and then not again until 10 years later. It stayed with me through that decade and when I saw it again it was just as magical as the first time. The visuals are incredible/perfect, as is the music. Really amazing.
I love this movie so much
One of my top 10 movies of all times.Great plot and convincing acting.I adore this movie.
Applauding after finishing it

I TOPUGHT THIS WAS THE REAL RED LANTERNS

its because of the music. if it had suspensefull music you would feel different.. its sad what hollywood does to the average veiwwer these days.
No I recommend - it is one of my favs and not depressing at all just because it is a bit sinister. The film as a whole is fab.
it's quite depressing, for sure.
but i can ensure you it's less boring than most french movies. :)
JB HiFi in the chinese secton
Gong Li what a great actress
Can you recommend Chinese directors who do not cater so much to western views?
I already watched this movie.. All I can say is that it's very beautiful, it tackles the story of rich landlord on china with their concubines. I love the story, hatred of the concubines to each other, their competition to win the admiration and attention of the master of the house. But in the end, the main antagonist fail and this lead to her to insanity.
Been trying to find it on DVD in Australia, any clues anyone?

luv this movie.....
@Sexyred0682 Netflix definitely has it. And it's currently available. Look again.
I wish someone would put the whole movie up here or a link to watch the movie.  I cant find it anywhere.  I searched the web and couldnt find it, Netflix doesnt have it either. :-(
I had seen this before when I was in highschool, I watched it when i couldn't sleep and found myself disturbed with what I've see. I had watched many Gong Li movies and this one is very different from its original book "wives and concubines'
I love gong li
i thort theis hade something to do with green lantern lol
@annahrwth242 You can probably borrow it from the public library if you live in a decent size city.
Zhang Yimou masterpiece starring the gorgeous and talented Gong Li.
Gong li best

Actually she becomes a concubine; she can't marry rich, she can only be a rich man's concubine because she isn't rich enough herself.
This has nothong @all to do with DC comics. I have to say, it could've had a less misleading title.
@melnel612 At Blockbuster.
does  anyone know where i could watch this movie in full?
cant believe it was once like this
@Gproducshizz Me too .. :'(( but this movie so awesome :))
i didnt like the ending
this is such an amazing movie. Talented actors and director
i saw this one myself YEARS AGO it was very good~DD
the end is unexpecting
way to give away the story
could somebody help me! movie websites say this film is 125 mins long, but i got it from torrents and it runs 5 hours +. could you explain me whats with this long version? it is surely that film, it says RTRL right in the beginning.
Gong Li is amazing
This movie gave me goosebumps, although we already have enough TV series about concubines in the palaces, which is even more complicated and worse. It's just... so realistic about how this still happens in a time when there are no longer emperors with dozens of wifes wishing to become empresses, in a normal wealthy family. Once you are involved in the game, you have to play it till the end, and you can't lose, or it will be you who are gotten rid of.
@webbster5296

And when one of them wants to play the game (like the second wife), no one else except those who are no longer threats to her can avoid it or stay away from it. If they win, they win the husband, the chances to bear sons, and the positions; but if they lose, they might lose everything -- including life.
This movie pissed me off. Everything bad that happened to her was her own fault. If she had chosen that lifestyle she could have at least played along and just appeased the guy so she would have the lanterns and foot massages. But no, she had to complain like a little girl about everything and make it worse for herself.
mine too warneka thanks
wtf kind of trailer is this, they might as well show the whole movie already, everything is in the trailer, totally spoiled.
This movie is so good. China wanted it banned.
this is one of my favorite movies, but u can buy it in the store and its also on netflix.
Yimou was such an incredible film maker back then. now he basically sucks.
I Love this film I saw it ages ago...
I saw a few minutes of this movie a few years ago, thinking I'd be heading for the next channel, but couldn't stop watching!  It's a totally amazing piece of cinematic art.
theres this movie called "to live" and i think its by the same director or somethign and has some of the same actors
Oh gosh I know this film.I watched it when I was little and I remember I was very impressed by that.

Can someone recommend to me more such great movies
Gon Li could raise my red lantern anyday! yowza....
Haunting and amazing film. Zhang Yimou is a master film maker: Ju Dou, To Live aka Lifetimes, The Story of Qiu Ju, Happy Times, Shanghai Triad, Not One Less, Hero, House of Flying Daggers, Curse of the Golden Flower. Gong Li is simply gorgeous. Classy lady and ever so talented.
apparently there are two dvd versions of this, 2006 and 2007... the bad one was the 2006 one, and the better quality was 2007.  Check out on amazon, thats where I saw the info on the dvd.
I could only watch this on a grainy DVD with crap sound and cliche'd badly translated subtitles. It's a shame, because even through all that this still proved to be an extraordinary film. One of my favourites :)
Good movie. very haunting!
one of my fav movies too. It's a classic from director Zhang Yi Mou. Beautifully shot and haunting story.
213191 332 14 0 63
One of my favorite movies... with li gong..
PT3M29S
sd
MovieID::::515
Now it's the 80th Anniversary! Here's hoping Disney will commemorate it with a 4K Ultra HD release.
Mickey Donald And Goofy: Colores World Of Fantasia Trailer
I saw this limited engagement of Fantasia and I have to say. I was calm throughout most of the segments from the Toccata And Fugue In D Minor segment to the Dance Of The Hours segment. But when the Night On Bald Mountain segment came on, I got the creeps.
I seen that movie and I like it a lot
67588 106 7 0 7
Walt Disney's timeless masterpiece is an extravaganza of sight and sound returns to the big screen for its 75th Anniversary featuring an exclusive introduction and performance by The Philadelphia Orchestra, led by Yannick Nézet-Séguin! For a limited engagement, see the music come to life, hear the pictures burst into song and experience the excitement that is Fantasia.
PT1M5S
hd
MovieID::::516
Masterpiece.
Logo na entrada do trailer qual o nome da música?
The townspeople are the cowards nowhere to be found....

When you do the right thing in this world people stab you in the back.... You can only trust your soulmate not to forsake you.... Everyone else will dissappear at the first sign of trouble.

This movie is a GODDAMN MASTERPIECE!!!!
The Ashe reveal trailer looks great in B&W!
Jeez, I thought it was only modern trailers that gave away the whole movie!
Nobody in Hollywood is normal...Absolutely nobody...And they have such a vicious attitude toward one another...They say much worse things about each other than outsiders say about them, and nobody has any real friends. - Gary Cooper  lol
i did a project about Grace Kelly so i had to watch this after presenting!
Katy Jurado, such a beautiful woman
A classic in black and white which adds to the suspense.  The music running through it carries the viewer along, and the outstanding acting and development of the characters make it one of the best movies made in the USA.  Can't believe some of the negative comments here, but guess the young ones weren't brought up on westerns, tales of the west.
This is McCree's favorite movie.
Does anyone know why Grace Kelly always played the love interest of geezers 40 years older than her in the movies and then ended up marrying one 40 years older than her.  No wonder she drove herself off a cliff.
This is an inspirational movie. It has a lot to teach about leadership.
the only good part of this movie is when he guns everyone down outside the bar
What, no screenwriter credit!?
"Congress Was His Deadly Enemy."
It's high noon XXDDDD
"Bad Day at Blackrock" has a far more superior "man trapped in a small town" scenario.
WTF overwatch xD
147428 394 12 0 28
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/1QyRMsE
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
High Noon (1952) Official Trailer - Gary Cooper, Grace Kelly Movie HD

A marshall, personally compelled to face a returning deadly enemy, finds that his own town refuses to help him..

Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT2M14S
sd
MovieID::::517
"And you are Spinal Tarp?" LOLOLOL!!!!!!
Hello, Cleveland!
St.Hubbens, the patron saint of quality foot wear.
1:39 fran drescher??
@underbightdog23 lol.... no youre not.. but then again I have my speakers on :)
i have the same birthday as derek smalls!!!!
@Pearlygirl0:Yep. Also, Billy Crystal plays one of the mime waiters.
hmmm CTFxC brought me here
was that fran from the nanny!?
1:51..."arrgh...get me out"...was that in the film or is it an overdub for the trailer??
Truly one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. There are just so many quotable lines! My favourite is: "He died in a bizarre gardening accident. The authorities said to best leave it unsolved"
@ScottXC91

Thumbs up man, simply because your comment sounds like the way they would probably explain it them selves, if they were actually real of course ;)
6 people haven't seen this movie
@justanotherfrog Thank you, I just wish the other guy who gave me a thumbs up would of thought the same.
@underbightdog23  I was about to give this a "thumbs up", then I saw that it has 11 of them, and changed my mind ;-)
@underbightdog23 I noticed too and your comment has 11 likes :O *MINDFUCK*
Sooooooooo funny.
they are a real band.. sort of

SMELL THE GLOVE!!!!
Bang on observations about a group on the road. Hilarious.
@JAMIEandNOAH I knew they were a made-up band for the movie but I later saw them in concert and realized that they are a real band (and quite a good one, it was the best concert I've ever been to).
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO SEES THE SIGNIFIGANCE OF THIS BEING TRAILER 11???
@JAMIEandNOAH they kinda were they would tour allot
I WANT one of those SPINAL TAP t-shirts, please, please, please. :-)
@CriterionTrailers I've never understood why people love that line so much... it's not that good, compared to the level of funny lines in the film.
Pretty sure that's Harry Shearer doing the announcing, kinda a little bit of Kent Brockman in there.
"It's tragic, really. He exploded on stage." LMAO
The Cornhole Dukes are Spinal Tap!
@SuperRachelxD

Spinal Tap is much more than  a band, it's a myth, a legend !!!  ;--)
Well, you should have seen the cover they *wanted* to do! It wasn't a glove, believe me.
o.m.g. the nanny!!!!!!!
@JAMIEandNOAH Well, they actually are a band, kind of. The band in the movie is technically fake, but McKean, Guest, and Shearer actually recorded and play the songs in the movie, so they're real, but not really.
@JAMIEandNOAH they are.....sorta
@chipgallo Rob Reiner
this is spinal tap. I recently heard about this movie. Im gonna get my own copy
"You are Spinal Tarp?"
loving the hair.

giggles.
ive watched this movie over 100 times..
I didn;t like this film
"he choked on vomit.....but they can't prove who's vomit it was!!" haha
You should have seen the cover tney WANTED to do, HAHA
"From the place where eardrums go to die" lol
lols

"what do you call that song?"

"i call it umm... lick my love pump."
David Bowie got trapped in some sort of contraption during the Diamond Dogs tour singing Space Oddity. His roadies were frantic. That's beame the locked pods bit.
DON'T POINT AT IT, NO YOU CAN'T

lol
Saw them back in the village maybe 64? Loudest band ever!! Nigel is a God!
the best ever!
yeah fran drescher shes great
omg i luf frand rescher shes soo cool!
Unless people buy it for a thousand?
As Hemingway said, "Remember them as they were, then write the off!" - David St. Hubbins - hilarious.
shit sandwich
they are a joke band but they do perform in concert.
This is one of my all-time favorite movies! I never get tired of seeing it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tenacious D fucking wish.
This movie is awesome, its a mockumetary/spoof of all rock music.
i don't know how people say this movie was awesome. I don't know, but I've watched it because of all the hype around this movie, but I wasn't amazed by it. If it's on TV now, I won't waste my time watching it again. It wasn't bad though.
i have a feeling tht this movie is trying 2 take the piss out of England :@
The June Chadwick parts are some of the best in this movie
same as tenacious d
Yep. Spinal Tap - Cheese Rolling
1:22 is the best part!!
this movie is soooo funny!!!
Is that on Youtube?
$150?! Maybe I will sell mine.
"Don't point at it!"

"Don't even point at it?"

"No...it can't be played..ever"

LOL
287628 328 10 0 68
www.criterionco.com / www.criteriondungeon.com - This is the trailer for one of my favorite films in the collection, Rob Reiner's "This is Spinal Tap".
PT2M53S
sd
MovieID::::518
One of my all time favorites. I tie this with Raiders of the Lost Ark in this saga.  Harrison Ford and Sean Connery great team.  The highest grossing film in 1989 worldwide.  It was second in the U.S. To Tim Burton's BATMAN. A great year for movies including Lethal Weapon 2 and Back to The Future Part II.
For all of young Ti's enthusiasm over the stunt where the man is supposed to jump from a horse to a moving tank, he fails to pint out that it is a fake. the camera is placed in front of the tank, with the man on horse back behind it. Because of the lense used, we don't really see how much space is between the horse rider and the tank. We see the man jump off the horse, and then we cut to a different angle to see Indy landing on a platform.For all we know, the stunt man just jumped off the horse as he came up to a pile of boxes, set out between the track of the tank and the rider . A rather standard stunt.
Last Crusade is so uneven. More comedy than adventure with too many silly scenes which vastly undercut the serious parts. Indy's father is so dumb he shoots off the tail of the plane they are in and he actually seems surprised! Raiders is the only one of the 4 I really like even though it does have that flaw at its center which Big Bang Theory did an entire episode about.
Three pretty good movies, then they decided to make Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull
our shitshuashion hash not improved
This kid Ti West really cracks me up.  I'm very supportive of his enthusiasm for a film that he was so excited for as a child, but I assure you when I saw this on a Thursday night in 1989, most everyone walked out (myself included) with a ho-hum opinion of this film.  I wish it had been better.  But the only thing that was great about it was A) the marketing, and B) the fact that Sean Connery was in it.  Last Crusade was filled with missed opportunities, in terms of visual storytelling.  The shots were mostly badly chosen or framed, and the editing was about as good as it can be, given what the editor had to work with here.  Don't get me started.  This was not a homerun.  I am very happy that a portion of the public responded well to it, and that the Freshmen students in one of my morning classes were excited enough to argue with me LOL about whether or not it was a good movie ....  hahahahaha  HOWEVER,  it was fairly close to being lackluster.  Especially in comparison to Raiders.  I wish Ti West well, but kid, the experience your generation had, and the experience that our generation had, were two very different experiences.  Not that I don't have a sense of humor about it, but I cannot see this film the way you do.  It was an unexpected disappointment.  But LOVE your movie, Ti.  Don't let anybody ever tell you differently.  Including me.

aka Indiana Jones and the Quest for Cash
I don't understand people that say CRUSADE was their favorite.  CRUSADE was one step above CRYSTAL SKULL, which was completely unwatchable.  RAIDERS is by far the best, TEMPLE was also great.  But CRUSADE was terrible, a movie that just didn't work, and it marked the point where Spielberg had gone crazy and lost touch with the character of Indiana Jones.  Terrible movie.
My favorite of the Trilogy.
And let the  crystal skull rest in oblivion.
Love this movie saw all three Indiana jones films when I was 14 in 1998 on tnt
17868 109 2 0 21

PT3M7S
hd
MovieID::::519
I never cared for either the book or the movie of "Being There," as they seem heavy-handed to me. Peter Seller's strong identification with the role of Chauncy Gardner is more interesting than the role itself.
One of the worst, brain dead films I've ever seen.
This Alan guy looks like Jigsaw.
This looks like a total snooze fest.
I think the audience appreciated the blooper. The Oscars can get bent. It's about US, the audience, not self-aggrandizing over payed narcissists.
Given we are entering the season of sociopaths seeking office again (2016), this movie is worth a visit.
The cheap shots at Republicans and conservatives wore out their welcome a long time ago, Alan. That's not the reason I watch these videos, but it might be a reason for me to stop watching yours and Landis's.
Jeez! Enough with the Dick Cheney slams ! We all know by now Hollywood Hates Republicans so much that the reviewer would rather see Cheney dead and bunch of beheading savages rule the world.
awesome movie
Why was this reuploaded?
8851 70 2 0 14
http://www.trailersfromhell.com
PT3M6S
hd
MovieID::::520
Day-Lewis got snubbed for Best Supporting Actor.
An Excellent film! One of my top 10 favourites...I always seem to watch it when there's a warm summers rain outside!
Oh wow, a peep show!
We have seen the birds. Hahahha
this film has the perfect dream cast. all the actors are perfect. diamond cast.
That last shot gives away the end a bit!
54153 127 5 0 10
Available on DVD and Blu Ray through www.umbrellaent.com.au

Nominated for eight Academy Awards in 1987 and winner of three, A Room With a View is the film that defined Merchant-Ivory as the masters of the romantic period piece and this brilliant adaptation of E.M. Forster's novel ranks as their very finest work.

When a young Englishwoman named Lucy Honeychurch (Helena Bonham Carter, Alice in Wonderland) and her spinster chaperone Charlotte (Maggie Smith, The Harry Potter series) travel to Italy, they become acquainted with a free-spirited and unconventional Englishman named Mr. Emerson (Denholm Elliot), and his enigmatic and romantically unhappy son, George (Julian Sands, The Killing Fields). After George kisses Lucy during a picnic in the Florentine hills, Charlotte rushes her back to England. Safely home, Lucy becomes engaged to her stiff and very proper fiance Cecil (Daniel Day-Lewis, Nine). After finding out the Emersons have moved close by Lucy has a hard time ignoring her attraction to the unsuitable George and must wrestle with her inner romantic longings and choose between passion and convention.
PT2M27S
sd
MovieID::::521
Pink Floyd - The Wall is a confusing yet funny movie
see this musical writers, this is how you make a musical
The face at the end...watching this at night and it made me jump. Creepy.
like silo estas viendo en 2015
TODAY  33 YEARS AGO
On August 6th, 1982
Pink Floyd's "The Wall" had its U.S. premiere in New York City.
Preciso comprar isso! *-*
BEST FUCKING MOVIE OF ALL TIME
This trailer is really shit, which is sad because the actual movie is an absolute masterpiece
cheap bastards ! they do not let the movie for free for the people to watch .
Que estupido , silenciar el trailer

They are unbelievably stupid that cut sound, it is a trailer you morons!!!! It is a motivation for someone to BUY this movie!!!!!!
omg i love this pink floyd song but i'm confused... what is this movie about? seems kinda creepy although i want to watch it
wow! arnt you in the wrong place
The best movie I have ever seen. There won't be any like that.

I just watched it again after 10 fucking years,,still that power
Best fucking movie i ever saw...
THE BEST MOVIE EVER!!!! :D


and i think that the lord of the rings and star wars had epic trailers...
Warning: DO NOT watch this on mushrooms. Seriously, just don't do it.
Love this movie. <3
watch this while your high !!!!
best movie ever made.
167861 361 17 0 24
https://www.facebook.com/LOSFLOYDIANOS/
PT1M49S
hd
MovieID::::522
My very first movie I was watch in theater
This movie made a huge impression upon me when I saw it screened on SBS TV in Australia in my youth. I really loved it.
Wonderful Halstrom movie!  This speaks deeply to compassion for orphans.  And salut to Laika, remembered by millions.
Prachtige ontroerende film voor oud en jong.
My favorite movie. The entire thing is told on two levels, the story level and the symbolic level; but there is nothing artificial about it, it is perfectly organic and seamless.
The best movie Lasse Hallstrom has ever directed: superlative.
this movie touched me so deep that it marked me as a human being, lover of life, lover of dogs
This movie inspired me to spend ample time in Sweden.
I also am grateful for this trailler. I love this movie. Very touching. Let's never forget Laika, the astronaut dog, symbol of our insensitivity.
Grato por postar ,Eu me lembrava do filme mas não me recordava do titulo,Greetings From Brasil

123605 230 19 0 15
Available on DVD through www.umbrellaent.com.au

This quirky, coming-of-age cult classic from acclaimed Swedish director Lasse Hallstrom tells the story of Ingemar, a 12-year-old working-class boy sent to live with his childless aunt and uncle in a country village after his mother falls gravely ill. The year is 1959, and Ingemar (Anton Glanzelius) is fixated by two major events - his namesake fighting for the World Heavyweight boxing title; and the fate of Laika, a dog sent into space by the Soviets. Fatherless and faced with his mother's imminent death, Ingemar identifies with Laika's journey into the unknown as he searches for a place among his eccentric new family - often with hilarious results. Winner of the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Film, and nominated for two Academy Awards, My Life as a Dog is one of the most tender, nostalgic portraits of childhood ever put to film.
PT3M1S
sd
MovieID::::523
contrary to the narrator they don't go to another galaxy Altair is the 6th closest star outside of our solar system in deep space but within our Milky Way Galaxy
https://www.google.com/search?q=FORBIDDEN+PLANET&sxsrf=ACYBGNStalhgGYMlMTTaY8N3Y0sSGlWLhQ:1578517330060&source=lnms&tbm=vid&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjFk-ul8_TmAhU-JzQIHYDTD_AQ_AUoAXoECBYQAw&biw=1920&bih=967
Love this film!
Morbius wasn’t part of the lost civilization, the Krell. He discovered it being stuck on Altair IV.
Me: "That's Leslie Nielsen."

Them: "Surely you're not serious?"

Me: " I am serious, and don't call me Shirley!"
Would it have killed them to get the facts of the movie correct?
Awesome, been wanting to see the MGM  Children's Matinee ad for this movie for a while.

Thanks, MPAA.
18443 52 3 0 9
A 1971 television trailer for the MGM Children's Matinee re-release of "Forbidden Planet", the classic 1956 science fiction film directed by Fred M. Wilcox and starring Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, Leslie Nielsen, Warren Stevens, Jack Kelly, Earl Holliman and Richard Anderson.
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::524
la musica se parece muhco  a una cancion mexicana
A masterpiece
I miss Harry Dean Stanton. I need to revisit this classic, it's been a long time since I've seen it.
Rip Harry dean Stanton
I loved this movie, however I was very young when I watched it. I need to see it again.
My favorite film of all time. Heartbreaking, beautiful and impossible to forget.
"Paris, Texas"=23
1984 mai 23, Palme d'Or
My favourite movie of all time...
8.1 on imdb, goodness it definatly didnt get that for stunning visuals
this was kurt cobain's favorite movie. xc
I read that a character in this film has a split personality. Is that true? If so, who?
@DomoMilk "1- mute the audio 2- play the killers - miss atomic bomb 3- watch the trailer <3" I did that and it was awesome!
Watched this movie today because the title reminded me of someone.  Made me feel a little less lonely.
This movie is a true masterpiece.
1- mute the audio
2- play the killers - miss atomic bomb
3- watch the trailer <3

Excellent score by Ry Cooder!
buncha grungefags and teenage girls in here
Travis's favourite film

My favorite film
Totally agree! Absolutely amazing!
So? Get a life.
One of the most beutifull films ever made.
to die for! in short... basically,
I re-watch this film every year and it always demolishes me in a good way, because I think it has something truly authentic to say about love's cost which few other movies can. Marquez speaks of "the torments of love's memory" in Love in the Time of Cholera, and I think it comprehends that suffering entirely. Universal, elegant, real: a film of genius.
I had never heard of this film until a tutor at college recommended this to me. Such a moving film about a man putting his life back together like a jigsaw. I was struck by the excellent cinematography and loved the false perspective shots in the city. Everything in this film feels slightly out of proportion and reflects on life in a very real and un-movie like way.

i live in paris, texas and when i watched it didnt understand why it was called paris, texas when no part of it is shot in paris?!?!?!?!


It's totally underrated. One of the best films ever.
That dude, LoneSomeSong is a moron.
Everyone please don't blow 2 and a half hours of your life watching this boring ass shit. I saw it had a 8.0 on IMDB and thought it would be good but i would rather watch High School Musical then this crap.
Fran Healy's favorite film! ;)

actually it's Over the Edge
i live in paris texas but never saw this movie lol
@klusblody At least 24 people do.
Wemders knows...
@mattmanmkb who cares...
is that Brett from Alien?
@mikefromauckland Quite a few American critics. Kael, Kauffmann, Simon, others.  It may the kind of movie that's better appreciated in Europe.
@goback3spaces Which critics? Hell, it was worhsipped by most critics I've seen. Has high ratings everywhere. Won the Palm D'or at Cannes, It won a BAFTA for best director, the FIPRESCI award... don't know what critics you speak of...
now THIS is shot on film
ONE OF MY FAVS!LOVE MOVIES FROM WENDERS!

@mattmanmkb wow what an intelligent comeback. Well done.
@goodvibesallround well fuck you , your the one watching movies
@mattmanmkb because we live in such a celebrity obsessed culture, people like you worship someone that you've never even met personally or had the privilege of knowing on a spiritual or personal level. I mean whats the fascination? Sure like nirvana and the music they made (which was great) but don't get hung up on the person. Love the art not the artist.
@goodvibesallround whys it sad, he was a highly inspirational human being
@mattmanmkb seriously.....I mean of all people you could of praised for making/liking this film, thats who you picked.....sad.
Yes, very beautiful movie. Will never understand why the critics savaged it.
@ThFunk1 lol
Brilhante,fabuloso! *-*
ne kažem da je najbolji, kažem da je najdraži...ovakve filmove više ne snimaju, gledao sam ga davne 1989. sa curom koja je postala moja supruga...
51,806 views??? What hapenns with the world??? This film is gorgeous.



A fuckin legend
@mattmanmkb I wonder what he saw in this movie that made it great in his eyes.
Ry cooder is a genius !!
Def in my Top 5 films. Epic.
@phomiffy Ye, thats why i had to watch it, Totally awesome film
@mattmanmkb really??
Kurt Cobains favourite film
@auddiekins4life

my favourite film ever
Great movie, worth a watch for any fan of films.
The visuals in this film are truly incredible
You must. It's brilliant.
440910 946 25 0 84
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0087884/

Director: Wim Wenders

Harry Dean Stanton, Dean Stockwell, Aurore Clément, Nastassja Kinski, Hunter Carson
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::525
I had a notice that a criterion edition of this film was just released. I hate to say this, but I had never heard of this film.
Claire couldnt care less
Great trailer, although the movie is a little hard to sum up. I like how this trailer has different moods.
I can’t wait for December!!!!!
Totally hyped to own the Criterion version of this!! :D
Love the warm analog sound and video of this transfer, even for a trailer.
This is coming to Criterion this December! I'm excited!!
Maya is my favourite  actor  in the movie
Interesting with this movie is that long time ago somehow predict that people will all day look at their mobiles and tablets and will lost their minds :) those that all they look in mobiles and tablets without any purpose..
I saw this as an 18 year old college kid at Oldenborg Hall, Pomona College in 1992. Some of us were sitting in proper chairs, others lounging on sleeping bags on the floor in front of the screen. I remember a long evening with slow pacing and intermittent breathtaking images.
what´s the name of the last song?
Where can I find the film? It's been years since I've seen it.
this looks like a very good find. i'm gonna go look for it at the local video store. (yes, we still have those lol)
Superb movie
the one of the best songs in the movie isn't even on the soundtrack!! the song by robbie robertson at the end Breaking the Rules
That scene when the plane went down...
had a sick soundtrack.
Very excited to see this.  5 hour version is coming to Atlanta on March 6!!!
Well, that's real fitting.
Favorite movie. So great
75449 382 10 0 27
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Until The End Of The World Trailer (1991) - William Hurt Movie HD

Set in 1999, a woman (Dommartin) has a car accident with some bank robbers, who enlist her help to take the bank money to a drop in Paris...

Cast:
William Hurt: http://j.mp/TBO6p7
Sam Neill: http://j.mp/VTrS3S
Max von Sydow: http://j.mp/T1MgS3
Tom Waits: http://j.mp/111UGtI

Director:
Wim Wenders: http://j.mp/Zh3yKN

Producer:
Jonathan Tapin
Ulrich Felsberg
Julia Overton
Paulo Branco
Rosanna Roditi

Writer:
Wim Wenders: http://j.mp/W6AesW
Solveig Dommartin
Michael Almereyda

Editor:
Peter Przygodda: http://j.mp/Zh3ydD

Cinematographer:
Robby Müller: http://j.mp/W6AgkD

Composer:
Graeme Revell: http://j.mp/VjUe6v
PT3M4S
hd
MovieID::::526
15167 5 1 0 0
Release Date: 21 July 1989

Harry and Sally have known each other for years, and are very good friends, but they fear sex would ruin the friendship.

Director: Rob Reiner
Writer: Nora Ephron
Cast: Billy Crystal, Meg Ryan and Carrie Fisher
Genre:Comedy/Drama/Romance
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::527
Link to the movie:
https://www2.filmlinks4u.is/parallel-sons-1995-hollywood-movie-watch-online.html
GAAAA i wanna see it....
13442 28 1 0 3
Trailer for John G. Young's feature film Parallel Sons with music composed and produced by Emile Menasché, who also scored the full film.
PT2M6S
sd
MovieID::::528
My favorite movie ever!
What's the song at the beginning?
23327 97 3 0 10
Hype Trailer 1997
Director: Doug Pray
Starring:  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

Critically acclaimed chronicle of the northwest grunge rock explosion, and the birth of 'The Seattle Sound'. Features rare concert footage, debut shows, and interviews.

Movie, Hype Movie,Hype Trailer,Hype 1997, Doug Pray, ,  ,  ,  ,  ,
PT2M39S
sd
MovieID::::529
2402 9 0 0 0
Santa With Muscles Trailer 1997
Director: John Murlowski
Starring: Ed Begley, Jr., Garrett Morris, Hulk Hogan, Don Stark,  ,

Official Content From Cabin Fever Entertainment

The Hulkster is back as a Scrooge-like millionaire, who, after getting bumped on the head, comes to the rescue of an orphanage threatened with closure.

Movie, Santa With Muscles Movie,Santa With Muscles Trailer,Santa With Muscles 1997, John Murlowski,Ed Begley, Jr., Garrett Morris, Hulk Hogan, Don Stark,  ,
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::530
What's the movie?
I LOVE this movie

227673 61 30 0 2

PT1M48S
sd
MovieID::::531
this is fine cool movie
2950 1 0 0 2
Naakt in een verlaten kamer, met 13 vreemden, komt Tonya erachter dat zij de laatste deelneemster is aan een dodelijk spel. Vastgehouden door dodelijke halsbanden, moeten de spelers hints en tools verzamelen om erachter te komen waarom ze aan het spel mee doen, en belangrijker, hoe ze hier uit kunnen komen. Als de avondklok ingaat en de lichten doven worden ze één voor één geëlimineerd. Met ieder nieuw lijk, wordt een nieuwe hint gegeven, zodat ze er langzaam achter komen dat één van de aanwezigen de moordenaar is. De vraag luidt. Wie?



Genre: Thriller / Horror

Regie: John Suits

Met: Ailsa Marshall, Michael McLafferty, David Higlen en Brad Culver



Nu verkrijgbaar op DVD.
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::532
I dont like the family Stein , there is Gert,there is Ep, there is Ein .Gerts writing is bunk,Eps statues are junk,and nobody understands Ein!.Quoted from a BBC radio programme broadcast by the most revered radio presenter .Desmond Carrington.God Bless Him !
It should read, The Franco American Committee, sorry.
Like many Jews who cound not afford to leave France or had no place to go  (the US denied them entrance)Stein trusted their friends and neighbors to hide them.  I know of two prominent Jews, like Stein, who refused to heed the warnings and advice from their local prefects and chose to stay.  So why single out Stein?  (I'll address this too) As the war proceeded, Stein like most of those original 40 million, began to lose faith in Pétain, and this lose of faith is what prompted Stein to discontinue her translations.   As for the Hitler comment, she was being sarcastic, which is evedent if the remark was not truncated from the entire interview that points out Stein's humor at the beginning.  The sarcastic humor is this, if Hitler removed from Germany all those mentioned earlier, who's left?  Only those who look alike and think alike and vote alike and that means peace, and that is what Stein was joking about.  If you check the Pulitzer Prize website you will find no mention of Stein nominating Hitler.  If one reads Stein, one would know she dispised Hitler.  Stein was recognised for her efforts to aide the Marquis.  And as for the three books that one of the writers claims were written as propaganda, I will address this also.  The professor of Jewish History even claimed that Stein continued to praise Pétain in 1945, even after he was found guilty, in a book that Stein had submitted to her publisher in 1944.  Not possible professor!     Do some research on your own and don't take what you get from social media or from some one as the truth, even if they are professors.  Rest in peace Miss Stein.  You too Miss Toklas.
Regarding Gertrude Stein, she did NOT collaborate with the Vichy government.  She was, it's true, friends with Bernard Faÿ, who she met in 1926.  He translated a few of her works and arranged her tour in the US in 1934.  It's true that he collaborated.  He basically denounced the Free Masons.  He did not denounce Jews in particular, but since some Jews were Free Masons, they were denunced for being Free Masons.  Hitler was anti Free Masons, Gypsies, the mentally ill, the crippled, homosexuals, Jews, and any one who did not support him.  At the beginning of WWll, Stein like the entire 40 million population of France, including the Jewish population and Jews who held high positions, ALL believed Marshal Pétain was the country's savior.  He had saved France before.  Faÿ and The Franco American ____ asked Stein to translate the speeches in an attemspt to sway the US to side with France.    The speeches did not contain, as a Professor of Jewish History claims they did, any mention of the fate of the Jews.  This professor confused the speeches with the Statut des Juifs (Jewish Law 1940 and 1941) which did mention their fate, but Stein did not translate the Jewish Laws and one would think that a Professor of Jewish History would know the difference before he condemned Stein.  In fact most of the condemnations, including one by a Jewish lawyer and a Jewish Councilman,  have come from people who, it seems, have never read any of the Stein biographies or any of Stein's work. They have based their comdemations on two books, one pitched by the Metropolitan Museum in New York.  (To Be Continued)
Cont....Those against Stein would point out that she could have left France and returned to America (she was never interned) whilst also noting that she provided a positive character statement to an imprisoned Bernard Fay just AFTER the war. Also you state that France was Nazi occupied during both wars which is incorrect as the Nazis weren't formed until 1920.  What academics do agree on though is that she was actually staunchly conservative which is something of a paradox.
I know she is Jewish, thanks for stating the obvious though. In my original post you seem to have missed that my second sentence was a question not a statement (the answer to which is 'no' as I've since discovered). Regardless of her motives she was still collaborated with France's Vichy government through Bernard Fay, was an admirer of Philippe Petain and agreed to translate around 180 pages of his anti-Semitic speeches into English.
I hope this is a joke. Stein... think... Stein... She's Jewish. She was a Jewish woman living in Nazi-occupied France during both wars. What would you do if you were in the same situation and wanted to survive? Get your sources straight. She's the most left-winged of the left-winged.
Gertrude Stein. Didn't she support Franco and petition for Hitler to be awarded the Nobel prize in 1938? Think she also collaborated with the Nazi Vichy government.
@birkenkrahe I think she is
is the narrator juliet stevenson? absolutely lovely.
@LeoHareMusic

its right here on youtube in parts, look it up :)
What an amazing historical figure - the works in that living room photo are some of the most important works of modern art. Love how they were able to control the PIcasso market because nobody else wanted him. Doh!
Of course she had to write  for a living.You don't  go far from home when your on the rag every month.
Dr. Quinn? or maybe Emma Thompson...
You can get it at any larger DVD store like Amazon, SendIt, etc.
69137 166 2 0 16
Short excerpt from "Paris Was A Woman" documentary about Gertrude Stein, art, literature, cubism, Picasso and some other interesting stuff.
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::533
1192 8 0 0 0
I'm Not Rappaport Trailer 1996
Director: Herb Gardner
Starring: Amy Irving, Ossie Davis, Walter Matthau, Martha Plimpton, Craig T. Nelson,

Official Content From Universal Pictures

Matthau and Davis are in top form. Two lively old-timers bicker their way through various episodes in Central Park, in this new adaptation of the classic play.

Movie, I'm Not Rappaport Movie,I'm Not Rappaport Trailer,I'm Not Rappaport 1996, Herb Gardner,Amy Irving, Ossie Davis, Walter Matthau, Martha Plimpton, Craig T. Nelson,
PT2M32S
sd
MovieID::::534
:15 Damn, Cathy!
This was like a 60s film, made in 2000.
Being a surfer that grew up in Devon and spent most of my weekends down in Cornwall this movie brings back some fond memories for me. Funnily enough this is the only film I still actually own a physical copy of lol. Great film, great fun
Love this film - no idea why so many people diss it.  Icing on the cake is the music.
zeta jones in 1995 was a 10
Liked this film so much, I moved to Cornwall!
Pertwee wrongly cast
McGregor and Pertwee?! OoO I must watching this movie!
Hah, I worked on this film - not watched it for years
Definitely is up there with being one of my most favourite movies!! Makes me proud to have that welsh blood running through my veins! And, what an awesome cast!!
wot an awesum film this woz
Is that the view from Porthcurno at 0:02?
Love this film! Please upload the full movie!
Great british film...love Pertwee !!! Sadly other than narration work he's just disappeared into obscurity
I'm watching this right now. I have the quad framed on my bedroom wall. Kudos to you Sir, the greatest film about Cornwall EVER!!!!!!!
82236 143 15 0 29
Directed by Carl Prechezer
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::535
Great teacher may he r.i.p i remember from  i.s. 52 school
Thank God I grow up..lol..
My heart is on fire.
The music is the inspiration for the art made in the video. So it actually is the most fitting music.

KOS...What a great project!  I love the video and the music!
Just now learning about Rollins...what a great story!  As a retired art teacher, I am almost inspired enough to take-up teaching again!
great story of collaboration.
It nice to see a old video of myself with a really great group of people.Tim was great teacher and friend .I cant believe were time go! Much Love to K.O.S. From Annette
17384 52 0 0 9
Documentaire in seven parts:Tim Rollins and his collaborators, high school students from the South Bronx, NY, typically make works based on classic literature. He discovered that his students responded to art - art taught his way, not the way it is usually taught in public schools. Some of Rollins' students became a group of regulars who participated in an after-school and weekend program called the Art of Knowledge Workshop. The students named themselves K.O.S. which stands for "Kids of Survival. "What we're doing changes people's conception about who can make art, how art is made, who can learn and what's possible, because a lot of these kids had been written off by the school system. This is our revenge."
PT9M45S
sd
MovieID::::536
Wow, what this trailer said was the plot at all!!! Infact, the trailer's plot sounds way better!!!!!!!! WHAT HAPPENED
LOL Did they release this even before they started production on it?
I remember seeing this teaser before Alien 3 actually came out and I was so hyped for it. Then I saw the actual movie and was like, WTH, they were never on Earth. In my canon, there is only Alien and Aliens.... I refuse to believe the other movies exists.
How Not To Make A Movie 101:

HAVE A DAMN SCRIPT READY BEFORE YOU MAKE A TEASE!!
39779 29 11 0 4
Director: David Fincher



Cast: Sigourney Weaver, Lance Henriksen, Charles S. Dutton & Charles Dance



David Fincher's feature debut, Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) frozen in suspended animation as her ship crashes on Fiorina 161, a prison planet. When awakened by the prison's staff, she discovers that she is the sole survivor of her crew. Trapped on a barren planet with convicts and no weapons of any kind, Ripley soon realizes that an alien was also on the ship and has survived.



Studio: 20th Century Fox
PT1M10S
hd
MovieID::::537
5011 13 0 0 0
Amityville 8: Dollhouse Trailer 1996
Director: Steve White
Starring: Robin Thomas, Starr Andreeff, Jarrett Lennon, Allen Cutler,  ,

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

A young girl and her parents become the latest victims of the Amityville curse, when they are terrorized by evil spirits living within her dollhouse.

Movie, Amityville 8: Dollhouse Movie,Amityville 8: Dollhouse Trailer,Amityville 8: Dollhouse 1996, Steve White,Robin Thomas, Starr Andreeff, Jarrett Lennon, Allen Cutler,  ,
PT1M12S
sd
MovieID::::538
Amityville? nothing to do with Amityville just a mirror
It is pathetic when you cannot spell the credits correctly!  "It's" is not the possessive. Did you people go to elementary school???
5444 14 0 0 2
Amityville 7: A New Generation Trailer 1993
Director: John Murlowski
Starring: David Naughton, Richard Roundtree, Ross Partridge, Terry O'Quinn,  ,

Official Content From Republic Pictures Home Video

The 7th installment of the horror series, in which an old mirror shows a young artist a terrible secret from his past.

Movie, Amityville 7: A New Generation Movie,Amityville 7: A New Generation Trailer,Amityville 7: A New Generation 1993, John Murlowski,David Naughton, Richard Roundtree, Ross Partridge, Terry O'Quinn,  ,
PT1M10S
sd
MovieID::::539
11971 42 2 0 0
http://thedukemitchell.uk/ for more weird videos plus strange film nights in London.

VHS trailer for the 1982 horror sequel Amityville II: The Possession, directed by Damiano Damiani.

Plus check us out on:
https://www.facebook.com/thedukemitchell
https://twitter.com/TheDukeMitchell
https://www.instagram.com/thedukemitchell
https://www.facebook.com/nightofthetrailers
https://twitter.com/NightOfTrailers
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::540
Okay who forgot the first trailer. The first trailer said 28 days,this said 19 days.
6210 17 1 0 2
"Get oooouuutttt!"
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::541
April can be a spooky time...Things happen in April..
Awesome movie.
I love this movie,  BUT I read the book, and half the story was missing!!! Was always wishing they would make a sequel, and FINISH the rest of the book!!!
Until dawm ????
This is mror of a action thriller musoc
good actres.
you made it look like shit
do a remake of this movie hollywood, but make it decent not corny! the psychology aspect of it is thrilling
R L stine just wrote a novel with almost exactly same story.. it kinda sucked. :(
I still fell for the ending...even though the title of the movie SHOULD be obvious. =)
Great job! Way better than the original trailers! We just did a review and reminisce of this great 80s cult classic!
this was good and i got tricked lol......i dont know how but i got april fooled
This is not a slasher film because nobody dies in it.
Does anyone know what music is used starting at the 0:23 mark?
I went to a reunion / showing of the film,in Connecticut. In late October.All 4 women were there.Deborah Foreman, the lead, was aware of this trailer, and really liked it. Nice job
Always loved this trailer and the use of Pythons
This movie was a disappointment....but April Fools.
WOW I had had a TV and vcr for Christmas I was about 10 and put a blank tape in to record one night found this on the tape with a weird crazy man or puppet introducing this film I'm in the uk. I loved this film a scared a few friends on a sleep over watching this :) o need to see this again
The producers completely changed the ending of this after Re-Animator became a big hit as an independent.
I am watching it now for the first time... 30 year's old I was just being born lol
I remember watching this movie as a 7 year old. I never saw the ending coming although the title of the movie should be a hint.
Still love this so much. Happy April Fools!
That was really great! Good job!
m. night plot twist
Wow!  Excellent work...just really well done.
This move is pretty awesome. And the plot twist just gaaah XD
Again, excellent!  ^o,o^
That's sick!!!! YEAH!!!!!!!
Quedaron geniales los retoques al trailer.
Great work on the trailer. This just shows how much better movies are without stupid CGI and quick movements and digital filming. I will take 35mm film stock and steady shots with good creepy script anyway over the crap put out these days. The 80's were the golden age of horror films. We need to get back to the basics. Enough of this computer generated/digital crap.
Fantastic trailer well done! I hope that one day this film will be on Blu Ray!
Nicely done!
78518 380 13 0 40
Music: The Naked And Famous - Young Blood
Audiomachine - Pythons
PT2M33S
hd
MovieID::::542
After 28 years I saw this movie again
I really felt the director dropped the ball on this one. Why was there
no fisting scene when they are in bed after he got out of the hospital?
I remember watching this as a kid with my mother(even tho my mom kept telling me to go watch tv in my room) lol but I never knew the name of this movie until now. I remember this movie scared the hell out of me.
Awesome horror movie. Horror movies today suck.
One of the best horror movies ever
#hdtgm @movieclubmovies @themovieclubmovies #themovieclubmovies #tmcms
xD were making history here -_-
7496 63 0 0 10
Body Parts Trailer 1991
Director: Eric Red
Starring: Brad Dourif, Jeff Fahey, Kim Delaney, Lindsay Duncan, Zakes Mokae,

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

After losing his arm in an accident, a criminal psychologist gets a replacement from an executed serial killer.

Movie, Body Parts Movie,Body Parts Trailer,Body Parts 1991, Eric Red,Brad Dourif, Jeff Fahey, Kim Delaney, Lindsay Duncan, Zakes Mokae,
PT2M44S
sd
MovieID::::543
This is a very good movie
10484 48 0 0 1
Boris karloff and bela lugosi team up to retell the story of burke and hare in this val lewton classic
PT1M34S
sd
MovieID::::544
I'm disturbed with Pretorius's homunculi but deep inside I think I want one...
I would love to witness a lifetime of entertainment in 2 hours.
I suppose even a monster needs love!
This is a classic Monster Movie. Universal is the best of the BEST!
Classic horror film
Check out Splatter Garage on youtube  you'll love it ,premieres Halloween
one of the greatest classic sequels to the original Frankenstein film directed by James Whale himself!
love to see this on the big screen
Just returned from the Frankenstein/Bride double feature at the RAVE in PSL, Florida. The theater was over half full with Universal fans all ages. Finally getting to see these classic 1930's flicks on the big screen was unforgettable!

A great... make that "horrific" time was had by all.
68503 235 6 0 11
Bride of Frankenstein movie clips: http://j.mp/1CMO9a7
BUY THE MOVIE: http://amzn.to/vf2H4F
Don't miss the HOTTEST NEW TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u2y6pr

CLIP DESCRIPTION:
Dr. Frankenstein (Colin Clive), goaded by an even madder scientist (Ernest Thesinger), builds his monster(Boris Karloff) a mate (Elsa Lanchester).

FILM DESCRIPTION:
This greatest of all Frankenstein movies begins during a raging thunderstorm. Warm and cozy inside their palatial villa, Lord Byron (Gavin Gordon), Percy Shelley (Douglas Walton), and Shelley's wife Mary (Elsa Lanchester) engage in morbidly sparkling conversation. The wicked Byron mockingly chastises Mary for frightening the literary world with her recent novel Frankenstein, but Mary insists that her horror tale preached a valuable moral, that man was not meant to dabble in the works of God. Moreover, Mary adds that her story did not end with the death of Frankenstein's monster, whereupon she tells the enthralled Byron and Shelley what happened next. Surviving the windmill fire that brought the original 1931 Frankenstein to a close, the Monster (Boris Karloff) quickly revives and goes on another rampage of death and destruction. Meanwhile, his ailing creator Henry Frankenstein (Colin Clive) discovers that his former mentor, the demented Doctor Praetorius (Ernst Thesiger), plans to create another life-sized monster -- this time a woman! After a wild and wooly "creation" sequence, the bandages are unwrapped, and the Bride of the Monster (Elsa Lanchester again) emerges. Alas, the Monster's tender efforts to connect with his new Mate are rewarded only by her revulsion and hoarse screams. "She hate me," he growls, "Just like others!" Wonderfully acted and directed, The Bride of Frankenstein is further enhanced by the vivid Franz Waxman musical score; even the film's occasional lapses in logic and continuity (it was trimmed from 90 to 75 minutes after the first preview) are oddly endearing. Director James Whale was memorably embodied by Ian McKellen in the Oscar-winning 1998 biopic Gods and Monsters.

CREDITS:
TM & © Universal (1935)
Cast: Colin Clive, Boris Karloff, Ernest Thesiger, Valerie Hobson, Elsa Lanchester
Director: James Whale
Producer: Carl Laemmle Jr.
Screenwriters: John L. Balderston, Josef Berne, Lawrence G. Blochman, Morton Covan, Robert Florey, William Hurlbut, Tom Reed, Edmund Pearson, R.C. Sherriff, Philip MacDonald, Mary Shelley

The MOVIECLIPS channel is the largest collection of licensed movie clips on the web. Here you will find unforgettable moments, scenes and lines from all your favorite films. Made by movie fans, for movie fans.

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR MOVIE CHANNELS:
MOVIECLIPS: http://bit.ly/1u2yaWd
ComingSoon: http://bit.ly/1DVpgtR
Indie & Film Festivals: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Hero Central: http://bit.ly/1AMUZwv
Extras: http://bit.ly/1u431fr
Classic Trailers: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Pop-Up Trailers: http://bit.ly/1z7EtZR
Movie News: http://bit.ly/1C3Ncd2
Movie Games: http://bit.ly/1ygDV13
Fandango: http://bit.ly/1Bl79ye
Fandango FrontRunners: http://bit.ly/1CggQfC

HIT US UP:
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1y8M8ax
Twitter: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Pinterest: http://bit.ly/14wL9De
Tumblr: http://bit.ly/1vUwhH7
PT1M54S
hd
MovieID::::545
The party girl that Mitchum beats half to death is Barrie Chase, whose OTHER memorable role is as the bikini clad hottie dancing with Dick Shawn in IT'S A MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD WORLD.
great pick but Lurie does not talk about the film. All time favorite. Do a double feature with NOFTH and you have Mitchum at his most terrifying.
LOVE that sexy black & white! lacyunlimited d o t com/unlimited
3154 20 0 0 3
Robert Mitchum plays one of his scariest, most fascinating villains in this surprisingly tough suspense thriller from John D. MacDonald's novel. Bernard Herrmann's score is so good Martin Scorsese recycled it for his 1991 remake, re-orchestrated by Elmer Bernstein.

As always, you can find more commentary, more reviews, more podcasts, and more deep-dives into the films you don't know you love yet over on the Trailers From Hell mothership:

http://www.trailersfromhell.com

What's that podcast, you ask? Why, it's THE MOVIES THAT MADE ME, where you can join Oscar-nominated screenwriter Josh Olson and TFH Fearless Leader Joe Dante in conversation with filmmakers, comedians, and all-around interesting people about the movies that made them who they are. Check it out now, and please subscribe wherever podcasts can be found.

Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-movies-that-made-me/id1412094313
Spotify: http://spotify.trailersfromhell.com
Libsyn: http://podcast.trailersfromhell.com
Google Play: http://googleplay.trailersfromhell.com
RSS: http://goo.gl/3faeG7

Follow us on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/trailersfromhel
Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/trailersfromhell
Scroll through us on Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/trailersfromhell
PT2M23S
hd
MovieID::::546
i like the original better <3
Hey mondodigitl, could you please tell me where you found this tv spot for Cat People?
11953 30 0 0 2
Kinky horror remake with Nastassja Kinski and Malcolm McDowell turning into panthers. Music by Giorgio Moroder, with a classic David Bowie theme song.
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::547
My dad said he give me 20$ if I don’t have nightmares we will see
This looks messed up.
I can't believe so many years have passed so quickly...we went to the movie theater to see this, me at 13 with my girlfriend, my sister with her boyfriend, and like 8 other kids from the block with their girlfriends and boyfriends...and here I am now, watching this trailer at 47...smh
Never thought there would come a day when I could say this, but I’m putting my $$ on John Wick to take this a-hole down!!! #BABAYAGA
Don't Go To Sleep You Won't Wake Up
FreddyS the best he was the best new idea horror   bad guy ever his power in dreamss he actually make  u scared to sleep
Im  17 been  dying to watch these since 13 when mom told me about  this series  im hype for amcfeast i hope they have  Freddy this year
Ok so this year in 2017 my birthday it is oct Friday 13 and uh what month is this movie based on
was this supposed to be scary... i almost fell asleep and im only eight
Young Johnny Depp
ONE TWO FREDDYS COMING FOR YOU
THREE FOUR BETTER LOCK YOUR DOOR
FIVE SIX BETTER GREB YOURE CRUSIFIX
SEVEN EIGHT STAY UP LATE \NINE TEN NEVER SLEEP AGAIN
does freddie like vampires?love elaine carol chamberlain regan-moreno
One two Freddy's coming for you creepy song
RIP Wes Craven and Don LaFontaine (the voice over guy). You are very missed.
R.I.P Wes Craven! You will always be remembered for creating this undeniable masterpiece! ;(
R.I.P. Wes Craven
A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) is now streaming on Netflix USA.
I'm STILL awake!!!
Johnny looks so damn cute
FINALLY SAW IT! So annoyed I didn't see it before! Amazing horror movie :) Happy 30th anniversary Nightmare!
Love this movie! I've never seen the trailer but the movie is great. I own this all of the nightmare on elm streets ever made. Love 'em all.
nobody can make a horror film like wes craven can
This is a marker of the 30th anniversary of the greatest slasher ever in the 1980's. FREDDY!
Wes, thank you for giving us nightmares for 30 years and still love the film ever since.
No one can't be Freddy only Robert Englund.
HAPPY 30TH BIRTHDAY, FREDDY!
3, 4 better lock your door

What good does that do?
HAPPY 30TH BIRTHDAY, FREDDY!
You give us nightmares for 30 years and still one of my favorite Wes Craven flicks because of the style.
The remake is all right but not much style as this one did. Continue the nightmares for the next 30 years.
NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET!
I bought and brought the Freddy Krueger glove into secondary school once, but the teacher confiscated it and never gave it back.
This movie scared the shit out of me when I was a kid. But it hasn't really aged well :p
This movie is not scary but I still love it.
#Classic
this movie gave me fear of the dark when i was 4 :D
Wow they really didn't care about spoiling any of the deaths back then XD.
I hope nancy survived I never seen it but I will

The vintage horror movies especially from the 80's will always be the best.
saw this when i was about 9 or 10
biggest mistake ever!
couldnt sleep in my room for months..had to sleep in between my parents lol
this shit gave me a nervous breakdown
I'm your boyfriend now Nancy! ;P LOLOL! xD
199 people fell asleep
It is horrifying to go to sleep after watch this film. I had a nightmare about Freddy Kruger...
An awesome movie.
era mucho mejor la del 84 verdad ?
johnny depps first movie
one two freddy's coming for you, three four better lock your door, five six grab a crucifix, seven eight gonna stay up late, nine ten never sleep again.
great horror movie, never seen this before, cause i ain't a massive horror fan. but i took a chance and bought the boxset yesterday. glad i did. i wasn't scarred but more shocked with some of the deaths. watched the first 3 films today. i am a new fan of the horror movie series. 1st i thought was magic, 2nd one sucked a bit, the 3rd one wow i was blown away how good that was. anyway this was johnny depp's first film. he plays his part well. you can tell he was gonna be a star. heather langenkamp was my favourite character as nancy in this film. robert englund is amazing as horror movie legend freddie kruger. the other actors done a great job. the direction by wes craven magic, his most underrated horror movie is shocker. trust me if you have not seen it watch it great film. 10 out of 10 movie and best horror film i have ever seen. looking forward to watching the rest of this movie series.
Are you trolling or do you not know that this movie came out in like the 80's
Beyond a disgrace, it had none of the fun the first one did, the first one managed to be both scary and fun!!!
men that murder children, rape them before doing so basically yeah.
0:53 Freddy is faster than T-1000. Cameron ripped it off..
Wes Craven said that the original idea for Freddy was to make him a pedophile, but he thought it was too risky for that time period so he made him a child murderer instead.
dude? The movie came out in the 80's
"A new masterpiece in fantasy-terror". Understatement of the millenium.
Nick Corri was a fit actor
I love the trailer for this!!!;):D
Warm milk? Gross.
The first horror movie i seen aged 4, introduced me to the world of horror :)
0:54 Freddy is faster than T-1000.
Click my channel to see my Horror Movie Trailers playlist.
Johnny deep does
aan deze film heb ik een trauma overgehouden ^^
i watched the movie and all i did was laugh XD
This does not look scary at all. I know, the movie is pretty old, but I thought it would be a lot scarier.
im scared of my bed now ._.
niseeeeeeeeee

Alex u should not watch this I've heard this is even scarier than Halloween
guys im 9 years old ive wached lots of horors but not this ive wached  friday the 13th should i wach this?
Johnny Depp looks hot in this movie I hope he doesn't die :(
It was never implied in any of the other films that he was pedophile. Wes Craven even said numerous times that he is only a child murderer, but not a pedophile.
omg soo classic!!
Johnny Depp & cheesy 80s suspense music? OKAY!
I didn't know Wes craven made it !
FREDDY FREDDY FREDDY FREDDY
if freddy was real he wouldbang my head into my keyb bthhjgvfbghhj

Im coming for you

-Freddy
Greatest Horror Movie ever made
still the only horror movie that can actually scare me
How is the end in this movie
Good!!!!! Jhonny Depp!!!! *u* asdfghjkkjhgfdfghjk <3
Is it cool to say: "Johnny Depp live on the corner of Jump Street and Elm"? lol
So, your comparing JFK to a Fictional Child Murder in a film made in the 1984.
The supporting Characters in this one are better, The Nancy in this Movie made Bombs and traps for Freddy while the Nancy in the remake didn't really do much. I loved Jackie Earle Haley as Freddy.
This movie actually scared me to death when I first saw it.
The first horror movie i ever seen, introduced me to the wonders of slasher movies.
a like your moves  and you are good at it
fair enough, you have your opinions and I have mine and we'll leave it like that. Either way it can't be denied that Freddy is a kickass villain
Ha ha, your "melon" is your head! What did you think i meant.....?! There's nothing else on my body that comes close to the size of a melon, more's the shame..... :) The film's what you want it to be by the way, i like my theory and i'm sticking with it!
'Expand your melon' honey I don't even know your name
Do you have any imagination whatsoever?! You too Wendy Testicle Burger, expand your melon some!!
Really? I thought it was a horror movie about a man who kills teenagers in their dreams
Favorite horror movie
Imo this film is an analogy for the shooting of JFK. John F (Freddie) K (Kruger)'s assassination was considered the death of the American Dream, which in turn was represented by teenagers. JFK was shot on ELM STREET, turning the "Dream" into a "Nightmare". FK is the American Bogeyman. As it says in the film, "Don't fall asleep!". In post 9/11 America, NOW is the time to WAKE UP!!!!
You've misunderstood.  It was inspired by a sleep syndrome (Night Death Syndrome) that some have suffered from in Southeast Asia.  However, the deaths had nothing to do with nightmares or sleeping, but rather they were proven to suffer from a particular heart rhythm disorder called the Brugada Syndrome--again, linked to people from southeast Asia.
wes craven said him self about something he heard that people were dieing in there sleep thats how this movie came about look it up for yourself
This movie is the best
What the fuck are you talking about?
2870023 4019 232 0 1602
The Original Elm Street trailer.
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::548
7176 13 0 0 0
The Mirror Has Two Faces Trailer 1997
Director: Barbra Streisand
Starring: Barbra Streisand, George Segal, Jeff Bridges, Lauren Bacall, Pierce Brosnan, Elle MacPherson

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Barbra directs and stars in this joyful romp about two best friends who agree to a platonic marriage. Screenplay by the writer of 'The Fisher King' and 'The Bridges of Madison County.'

Movie, The Mirror Has Two Faces Movie,The Mirror Has Two Faces Trailer,The Mirror Has Two Faces 1997, Barbra Streisand,Barbra Streisand, George Segal, Jeff Bridges, Lauren Bacall, Pierce Brosnan, Elle MacPherson
PT2M37S
sd
MovieID::::549
so they did blame a black person
to the person who said why were they accused what was there no black people around to accuse you're forgetting that they did say a black truck driver ran into a Bojangles chicken covered in blood and washed himself off and bled all over the bathroom and they called nine-one-one and the police officer didn't even go in and check it out until the boys bodies were found way into the next evening and they had already cleaned the bathroom and thrown out the trash and there's a truck stop right behind Robin Hood Hills
Just to think Being on death row for some time. Knowing they are going to put you to death especially for a crime you didn't commit.
How the hell did they get the copyright to a Metallica song for this shitty ass documentary trailer lmao?!?
The whole bible belt should be nuked from orbit. How come they were acused? Were there no black people around?
I watched a few of these documentaries past few days...and have to say the US justice system looks more like good ol' lynching.
Love the Metallica soundtrack though :D
This is why I can't do the country. Too many bat-shit crazy religious closed minded people. Till this day people still are that way in those places. CITY LIFE lol
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/exonerate-west-memphis-three-wm3-damien-echols-jason-baldwin-and-jessie-misskelly-falsely-convicted/qWRVWNcF

If you believe the wm3 are innocent sign the petition to exonerate them so the real killer(s) can be brought to justice
Hands down the best documentaries I have ever seen. Thank god for HBO and all the lawyers that got involved in this case.
Nothing has changed, there
And that the skill with the knife that was used had to be from a taxidermist or a butcher with none of them were
Thanks man, i appreciate it... I live half a world away so am obviously only commenting on what i've read and seen
what facts? even if i say they are innocent...
Agreed mate and fair call... but even under the most intense pressure you don't roll/confess on mates...? especially if not true

The ARKANSAS police just wanted a Conviction, they didnt care if they got the Real Killer and they Still dont, they just dont want to admit they were Wrong, but that is what Hillbilly Trash does!   YES, I can call them Hillbilly Trash, I am from Mississippi and I Know what Hillbilly Trash Looks like and that Judge and Officer are Exactly that!!!
THANK GOD they are FREE NOW, its so sad that they were in Prison for Half of their Life for a Crime that is More Likely that Mr. Hobbs Committed
this film is the greatest thing ever made :) <3
I find your lack faith in the facts disturbing.
P.s... Damien your girlfriend in paradise lost with the ranga red hair was fucken disgusting horror dog!!! Pity/unlucky you had a kid with her! I bet you still have a lot to do with her now your out??! Even Jessie's mrs was 10 times better
I've watched  paradise one, two and three over and over... And as much as I think and would "like" to believe they are innocent... Two things don't add up, why even under intense & brutal tactics would Jessie say the other two raped and killed the kids, and why was Damien such a fucken smart ass a typical goth/loner loser in paradise 1? He obviously loved the attention "oh I'm the West Memphis bogey man"...
Just watched 'paradise lost'. It's horrible. Can't believe it took 20 years to prove them innocent. I'm pissed off right now. I just want to go back in time and fix it. So they didn't have to go through all of this. They were just kids, who had to spend 20 fucking years in prison. I'm ashamed of humanity.
The Parents don't even believe they are guilty any more. It's a shame they ever went to trial.
lieyyyyyyeeeeerrrr
0:50 I'm sorry but that woman's accent is horrendous.
I said grungy nigga, not Grunge. It came from the same era, it's a sound of the times.
The band is Metallica and it isn't grunge.
I forgot the dude from Pearl Jam was friends with one of the defendants, perfect.
I see they got that Grungy music in the background. Got that dark, gritty early 90s sound to match the true events. A good damn trailer.
This is not the original trailer. Or at least not the "theatrical" one
convenient excuse...there are darker powers at play here than you realise
They are fucking guilty.
the beginning of knives and pens brought me here :)
you should never point the finger just because of religion
Prejudice, hate, bias, fear and staggering stupidity? Gotta be the American Justice system. Thank god those boys are safe now
This was the first case EVER filmed on location. H.B.O was allowed in to shoot the entire Trial and this is the ONLY thing that saved the lives of these three kids..
The H.B.O-program was meant to show the Satanic Cult and their punishment but they soon realised what was happening and what a joke the entire Criminal System in America really is..
What I don't understand is, why was there a documentary made DURING the trial process?  Who lets cameras film their personal thoughts and criminal trial?  Since when do courts allow cameras behind closed doors?
but why would they confess to such a chilling act....that part is too much for me to deny. I wonder if these boys used the system to get out--IT’S HIGHLY POSSIBLE JUST AS MANY THINGS ARE IN THIS WORLD. These guys NEVER DENIED IT what also is odd to me
IT WAS THE FATHER!
@jk4d  I DO think Terry Hobbs had something to do with this (didnt write that comment on this video as i have on other WM3).  What I had meant to say was that there was no evidence from the WM3 themselves. There was hair from Hobbs and the knife from Byers but not evidence pointing to the WM3 themselves. My thought was based on reading the callahan site, articles online and yes, i saw the movies too.. I did a lot of reading and I still do sometimes.
prove this shit!!!...because they listen metal, they are guilty???.....shame on you!!!!!..

no way these kids did this. the investigation was fucked from the beginning. the bible belt town was just scared of a few kids who were different and didn't conform to their small minds. so glad they were finally set free and someday i hope they are exonerated.
@Samaflame Do what,more info please!
apparently this isnt real. everyones actors or something.
I saw the 3rd one on HBO..It was good to see them get out..It's like a trilogy
@APBGrrl Don't forget Terry Hobbs the other step father who it seems to me may be the most likely suspect. He can't account for where he was during the time of the murders and says he never saw the boys that day when in fact a neighbor says she saw Terry Hobbs with the boys in front of his house around 6:15
@APBGrrl u THOUGHT lol. what is your thought based on ? a biased hbo documentary ?

there wasn't evidence in the casey anthony trial either. do you think she was innocent too ?

of course nichols and baldwin could have killed them, no question.
Welcome to America! The only land, where can be spilled a creeks of blood in movies, idiotic so-called rapper ,,musicians" films clips video clips with topless bitches and this everything is considered normal.
But a few innocent boys are prison sentenced for a few decades because of being metal fans...?
Hail to the american justice! Hail to american democracy and jurisdiction!
@MrPa1310 ahahahhhaaah . .  .hail Satan dude! He's going to getcha. What a joke as you are mate

@bathtownship You can say that again.

The West Memphis Police department back then was made up of guys that never had enough credits to graduate High School,lol.
Prohibited from kids so they can only watch How to Raise a Street Smart Child.
These three boys were released back in August. What surprises me the most is that the prosecution (police) don't care about finding the truth, only for a conviction of these three young men and these police officers are supposed to be the "good guys", the ones that stand for justice...
@MrPa1310   hey winey ass..IF ya bothered to REASEARCH ya woulda known that THERE WAS NO SATANIC RITUAL ...NOW about that counciling for hatred against the " white man "  lol  ..get to it. Stop hatein..Life is good
@MrPa1310  shut up.. winey ass baby scum..you know NOTHING OF THIS CASE ..They're  free and now maybe get some counciling for your pent up ANGER AGAINST the white man ..lol...idiot  grow the fuck up.You live in THIS  century not LAST. HAHAHA    OUT OF JAIL AND INNOCENT !
Incredible amount of circumstantial evidence pointing at one John Mark Byers, stepfather of victim Christopher.  When looked at together I would have thought this evidence would be corroborative enough to put before a jury with an excellent chance of conviction. Byer's has changed his story many times from threatening the three originally accused to eventually supporting them. I would also love to know the circumstances surrounding Christopher's mother's death, I'm certain Byers knows about it.
These boys were convicted by attorneys trying to make themselves look good. Based on what clothing they wore and their inexperience with the justice system caused their conviction. I feel like someone needs to look at Christopher's stepdad a lot deeper cause it is plain to see that he is hiding something. They are now free but who is going to go after the real killer of these precious boys...
@DMtx1017  I realize that in the videos Terry Hobbs looked like he had no real emotions... he looked empty inside... and here I was thinking it was John Mark Byers because he was beyond pissed in almost every scene.
@LolCaramelz
Metallica - Call of Ktulu
@joemcpa you ar e an idiot and a liar. NO ONE who has ever read the entire case files belives anything other than the innocence of the WM#. P.S. - The parents of the dead kids think they got the wrong guys now. They are FREE!!!!

damien looks like seth macfarlane lol
I have no doubt, having read just about everything, that the wm3 killed these kids. The biggest issue is where. No substancial blood or other evidence at the ditch site. All bodies and clothing in the water. Were the children killed here ? Ild like to see the wm3 site founders use Echols as a baby sitter.
Damn you people that still say they are guilty-- what kind of EVIDENCE is there?  Blood? Hair?  What?  I really thought it was Byers that did it or had something to do with it.  Anyways-- we know that looking different and being different can/will bring prejudice towards you... what a shame.   I am so happy they are free (although they had to take the Alford plea)
Wow so that's how stupid the system can be? Amazing...
Fucking inbreds!
I couldn't help but to laugh at all these people. I thought I was watching Gummo 2.
@bathtownship thank god it happewned at last....fuck the cops and the judge!!!!!!!!!!
The West Memphis Three have recently been released following an appeal. They are the subject of Berlinger and Sinofsky's classic documentaries Paradise Lost: The Child Murders & Paradise Lost 2: Revelations.

For information about the releases of both Paradise Lost 1 & 2, and to find them on DVD, visit the link below:

b i t . l y / p a z 8 0 7
@technicalsm  the xews get a bit nervous when there is religious ritual talk in broad daylight, they went into total hysterics and christian bashing.
W. Memphis AR is one backwards town!! Ignorance is very high there. If not, Damien, Jessie and Jason would have never been thrown in prison.
@taintedserenity69 Not true. I'm in Cleve. Wearing black has nothing to do with it. Teens hanging around Coventry have been causing trouble one night it was so bad that the shops had to close because they acted up. This is the reason for the 6pm curfew at Coventry and Cedar and Lee. I wear black about every other day, I wore all black today and was on Coventry.
About time justice was served, shame on the Arkansas supreme court.
@bathtownship ...ask and ye shall receive. they were freed August 19th
Read the transcripts of the court case instead of watching movies and worshipping your sicko fake friends.  There are multiple Eye Witness accounts of Echols and Baldwin confessing.  GE, Time Warner, Viacom and Fox are protecting their brand, they don't want to be held accountable for the content they produce.  Do you realize how much money the music and movie industires have pumped into leaning on the poor little town of West Memphis?  Money buys our justice system. HELLO!
ImaStonesFan is a somewhat fitting name, he has a stone for a brain, that's for sure, hard to let any knowledge seep in there. You are so sure of your limited and WRONG information, that you are putting your ego before the truth. Which happens so much, which is why these three boys (now men) wound up in jail, which is why we have a two-front war, which is why congress doubled the filibuster on our first black president, which is why wall street affects us when it shouldn't. and why ppl r sheeple
@grobsean, finally! someone who knows what they're talking about! It took me only an hour of research to get all the current facts straight, the level of ignorance on here astounds me, even though it shouldn't.
@xyPERSON, And here is my problem with the "logic" you're using. The three boys have an unsolved murder because no one continued investigating on the level (or even when they first started, that's a FACT) of police involvement, beyond a few private investigations. They offically, closed the case when they condemned these boys on NO DNA EVIDENCE. And when NEW DNA EVIDENCE arrived? IT WAS NOT ONE OF THEIRS. Which means they had the DNA of the real killer, and they weren't looking for him!
@imaStonesFan, no they didn't! Only ONE confessed, and it was under EXTREMELY strange circumstances. This person also had PTSD from the event, was traumatized, and borderline mentally retarded. I know kids with severe learning disabilities who may "sound normal" to untrained morons like yourself. But GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT. YOU JACKASS. Do you even know the plea they entered in to get out? Do you? NO YOU DON'T! That's why as you read and reply to this you're looking it up, or not...(laziness)
It is time to hold everyone accountable including the police, Judge, Jury and simply everyone involed. now it is simple economics not that the state really cares. no new trial. Save cost taking care of 3 less inmates. If they find the Jury was tampered with then the judge anyone involved should go to jail. just BS
Okay,so here in lies my problem with this entire tragic case. If these three are in fact innocent then they should be set free,but it seems like all of the support and effort and favor that people have been giving is going to them. Let us not forget there are three dead boys who had their lives torn away from them and to this day eighteen years later their murders have yet to be solved.
@imaStonesFan   HEY IDIOT ....hahahahahhaha now yr gonna say YOU know more than the people who released them..sorry but you are an idiot ..hahahahaha
18 years!  welcome home boys!


@imaStonesFan, lol no they didn't you jackass. It must suck to be so wrong and to act like such a moron.
@imaStonesFan
Hey smart guy. Did you hear the update on this case? lol
@imaStonesFan Then you would know how he kept getting things wrong in the confession.
@imaStonesFan Also since this crime was labeled a santanic cult ritual or whatever. It freaked everyone out because it was in the bible belt. So when you have someone like Damien, who was gothic at the time the police are gonna target him because they are to lazy to do their jobs. And also in cases with children you normally are supposed to look at family memebers and anyone close to the family which the police didn't do
@imaStonesFan You do know that Jessie Miskelley was borderline retarded and basically operates like a 5 year old child, right? In the so called "confession" Jessie made several mistakes about time of the killings and what not. He was interrogated for like 12 or more hours and they basically said if he confessed  he could go home. Plus he didn't have his father present. DNA found on one of the bodies points to Terry Hobbs and a friend of Terry's. Plus a witness said everything she said was lie.
@blondekittyg They should do a retrial anyways or the judge is guilty of obstructing justice and face the possibility of being disbarred from practicing law.  I'm someone who respects those who enforce and practice the law but have no pity for those who deliberately betray it due to emotional demands for quick justice or boosting one's own career.
@blondekittyg How about the investigators were afraid of losing face by admitting that they made many terrible mistakes.  Any nation's justice system is prone to that, none are picture perfect.  It's the justice systems that claims to be picture perfect you should be wary of...
@blondekittyg If the stepfather did, then he was either very smart or the investigators were very stupid.  Many murder victims are killed by close relatives but this may have been a case where no one would admit that.
this movie is a piece of shit all of the evedence against these assholes was intentionally left out so they could make the almighty dollar out of dumbasses like wm3 supporters.
@WaggJohn already watched it  =) and what a fucked up situation to be in for these guys...

@fagtronx3 Buy it
@MsTheCopa any chance you got a link i just stumbled upon it and am very interested..hit me up

k so where can i watch this?
TERRY HOBBS KILL THEM BOYS IN COLD BLOOD.AND GOT AWAY WITH IT FOR 17 YEARS ,ITS TIME FOR JUSTICE AND THE TRUTH .AND THE ARRESTED OF TERRY HOBBS,GARY GITCHELL,MIKE ALLEN,OFFICER RIDGE,FOGLEMAN AND DAVI,S AND JUDGE BURRNETT,FOR CORRUPTION,UNREAL,ALL THESE PEOPLE SET THEM BOYS UP FOR MURDER,WHILE TERRY HOBBS WALKS FREE,WHAT A CORRUPT CASE,BURNETT STEP DOWN,WE ALL SEE WHAT YOUR DOING,YOU KEEP THIS CASE AFTER YOU RETIRED,WHY? TO MAKE SURE THEY NEVER GET OUT,YOU ROTTEN BASTER,YOUR CORRUPT AS HELL
@ChaosTheory0 If I were a betting man, my money would be on that creepy fucking step-dad for sure!!!  He is pure evil.  You can tell just from hearing him speak.
Youre bang on about why theyre still in prison.  Thats exactly what this is all about.  No doubt.

Free the West Memphis Three discussion forum at paradiselost3 (dot) com
After hearing this man describe what the kids went through and how one body was laid..I wondered how the hell would he know..Unless he was there? His  behavior was also suspect at best. I   mean come on..DNA has cleared those 3 young men but has implicated the real killer. WHy then are they atill in prison? Because the police dont want to admit they messed up with thier witch hunt of an investigation. Those kids were judged based on wearing Metallica t shirts and looking a little differnent
@volleyballcutie12   I would love to hear your proof. I also think he had something to do with it. He says he didn't see the kids that day yet neighbors SAW him with the kids. Then his hair in the knot of Michael M. What is your proof?.peace..Pretty
374372 197 13 0 107
Trailer for Berlinger and Sinofsky's documentary of a gruesome triple murder in West Memphis, Arkansas and the subsequent trials of three suspects, takes a hard look at both the occult and the American justice system in 'small-town' America. Three teenagers are accused of this horrific crime of killing three children, supposedly as a result of involvement in Satanism.
PT1M35S
sd
MovieID::::550
Hey there. You've Outdone Yourself. dependent chickens What's your opinion about it
I would love to see a remake of this movie with either Jennifer Hudson or Fantasia as Whitney Houston's character.

Filming movie about most sacred thing, fate, while main actress "enjoying" loads and loads cocaine..
Rotten society, nothing else.


its dirt cheap on amazon!
youtube.com/watch?v=b4qOsLIxjYc&feature=BFa&list=PL00548C18E6C3411A
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
I remember watching this on Disney Channel so many times!
Love you Whitney
You can watch this movie online just go to buyacopyforyourself[dot]com
it's good to see there's another movie casted by Whitney, as the media always mentioned about her first movie appearance "Bodyguard" and left behind others.
Why no reaction from these Costners...Divines...Bassetts and Washingtons???
loved this  movie// AWESOME Soundtrack.. Whitney and Denzel = amazement.
Whitney was a really good actress.  I hoped she would have made more movies.  Rest in Peace, Whitney, in God's arms.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston,, i will always love you
R.I.P Whitney Houston, she was beautiful in this movie. GONE TOO SOON!!!
You can find this movie on megaupload..just search :P


denzel is SOOOOO HANDSOME!!!!!   #LOVEhim
DENZELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL <3
whitney is bonGGAYCIOUS
Somebody please upload the whole movie! PLEASE...PLEASE...PLEASE!

We cannot find it anywhere in the internet!

And the one we found was without the sound :(
My favorite movie!
I've never seen this trailer, but I've seen the movie like a trillion times. It's my favorite holiday movie. Such a classic!
Favorite movie of all time!
lol u gotta luv Denzel...and the guy who is narrating the trailer has a creepy voice hahaha but anyways...I LUV THIS MOVIE!
i can't find the dvd of this movie ... PLEASE UPLOAD this movie????? PLEASE.....
why not buy it on dvd?  it's everywhere or you can order it online...
Please????????
i have this movie a while ago and all i can say is...
amazing!!
but i still like the bodyguard
i want to watch this movie..

shes really my idol
well depending on which scenes you're talking... at one point Julia is upset at both because they were fighting (Henry didn't like the way Dudley looks at Julia, etc.)... at one point Julia was upset at Henry because he wanted to give up control of the church so they tear it down and build a new one (but more commerical, with tennis courts, activities, kind of like a big center) without even asking her opinion even though their church is their lives. I don't know if this answers your questions?
I think most of whitney's scenes are already on youtube.  Search for TPW.  For her other movies search for TBG and WTE.  But it's not the full movies, just the scenes with Whitney...  For the full movies, the dvds are available everywhere and they don't cost a lot, it's worth buying!
281385 202 17 0 37
starring Denzel Washington and Whitney Houston.
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::551
Dans le film J'ai pas sommeil, on dira du problème de sa réalisatrice Claire Denis qu’il est double. Le premier problème est celui de la réversibilité de la domination, le caractère échangeable des positions de bourreau et de victime, l’intériorisation de la domination, et donc la capacité à se persécuter soi-même. C’est le problème de base des femmes et de toutes les minorités de désir. Le deuxième problème plus cinématographique est celui du prendre corps : comment on regarde, est-ce que le regard domine nécessairement ou est-ce qu’il peut prendre en surface ou d’autres manières encore ; est-ce que le regard est nécessairement violent ?https://journals.openedition.org/entrelacs/349
Absolutely LOVED this  movie !!
27000 131 2 0 2
Chanson: Le lien défait, Jean louis Murat
PT3M30S
sd
MovieID::::552
I didnt understand why some people think that this was bad I think it's very good
Sitting duck!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aD-mYxn3PsQ&t=5s
This Arbor Day, Die so Hard the trees will immediately uproot themselves within a five mile radius!!!
The Dennis Franz character is an unforgiving one.
Oh found Robert Patrick! 1:11
can't find my fav actor: Robert Patrick
I never knew Steve Kerr was in Die Hard 2.
Playing Jingle Bell Rock makes me think of Lethal Weapon instead.
Personally, I think the worst Die Hard was the PG-13 cut of "Live Free or Die Hard" (The unrated cut is a substantial improvement)
no matter how much better visual effects new diehard has got it cant match the charm of the classic die hards of 90s
0:20 + captions :D
this trailer is too hilarious with the captions transcription mode turned on.
57624 96 3 0 16
The second original theatrical trailer for the 1990 film "Die Hard 2."  Starring Bruce Willis, William Sadler, Art Evans, Bonnie Bedelia, Dennis Franz, William Atherton, Fred Dalton Thompson, John Amos, Franco Nero, Reginald VelJohnson, Robert Patrick, Colm Meaney.  Directed by Renny Harlin.
PT2M43S
sd
MovieID::::553
The worst Star Trek movie in history. Floated around the ship for waaaaaaaaaaaaaay too looooooong.
5082 20 0 0 1
Star Trek: The Motion Picture Trailer 1979
Director: Robert Wise
Starring: DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Leonard Nimoy, Stephen Collins, William Shatner, George Takei

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

Admiral Kirk leads the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise to find the force responsible for the destruction of Federation starships.

Movie, Star Trek: The Motion Picture Movie,Star Trek: The Motion Picture Trailer,Star Trek: The Motion Picture 1979, Robert Wise,DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Leonard Nimoy, Stephen Collins, William Shatner, George Takei
PT1M6S
sd
MovieID::::554
For One Quarter of a Century, They have thrilled us with their adventures...Amazed us with their discoveries...And insipred us with their courage. Their ship has journey beyond imagination.Her name has become Legend.Her crew finest ever assembled We have travelled beside them...From one corner of The Galaxy...To the other they have been Our Guides, Our Protectors and Our Friends. Now you are invited to join them...For One Last Adventure. For The End of History lies The Undiscovered Country. 'Star Trek VI The Undiscovered Country'.
aotn 9 teaser t   Sarah leaves the nunber gang to join her mum   a 5 years
ta
This is the most inspiring thing I’ve ever seen on screen and it’s just a promo!
James horner music from Star trek 2 and 3.
Personally, I am so impressed with this teaser trailer for "Star Trek VI." It brought me tears of both joy and sorrow for the legacy of "Star Trek" as a whole, and in particular, for its legendary creator, Gene Roddenberry.
Is that Christopher Plummer doing the voice-over??
Star Trek VI
8751 43 4 0 9
Trailer for Star Trek VI - The Undiscovered Country (1991) captured from the Star Trek – The Next Generation – Encounter at Farpoint (1987) VHS tape released in (1991).
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::555
4750 14 0 0 0
Star Trek V: The Final Frontier Trailer 1989
Director: William Shatner
Starring: DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Laurence Luckinbill, Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner, George Takei

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

The Enterprise and its crew are drawn into a renegade Vulcan's obsessive quest to learn the secrets of the universe.

Movie, Star Trek V: The Final Frontier Movie,Star Trek V: The Final Frontier Trailer,Star Trek V: The Final Frontier 1989, William Shatner,DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Laurence Luckinbill, Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner, George Takei
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::556
is that peter cullen AKA Optimus Prime doing the voiceover on this tralier?
It's Spoiler-rific!!
6373 29 0 0 3
Star Trek 3: The Search For Spock Trailer 1984
Director: Leonard Nimoy
Starring: Christopher Lloyd, DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner,

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

Adm. Kirk hijacks the Enterprise to rescue Mr. Spock, whose spirit remains alive on the rapidly degenerating Genesis planet.

Movie, Star Trek 3: The Search For Spock Movie,Star Trek 3: The Search For Spock Trailer,Star Trek 3: The Search For Spock 1984, Leonard Nimoy,Christopher Lloyd, DeForest Kelley, James Doohan, Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner,
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::557
3946 15 0 0 0
Star Trek 4: The Voyage Home Trailer 1986
Director: Leonard Nimoy
Starring: DeForest Kelley, George Takei, James Doohan, Leonard Nimoy, Walter Koenig, William Shatner

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

The crew of the Starship Enterprise travels back in time to 20th-century San Francisco, where two humpback whales hold the key to Earth's future survival. Funniest installment of the series!

Movie, Star Trek 4: The Voyage Home Movie,Star Trek 4: The Voyage Home Trailer,Star Trek 4: The Voyage Home 1986, Leonard Nimoy,DeForest Kelley, George Takei, James Doohan, Leonard Nimoy, Walter Koenig, William Shatner
PT58S
sd
MovieID::::558
lol im still watching this
Badass movie
Imagine the reaction n theatres n 1990 when this came out
I have both Young Guns 1 and 2 on Blu-ray disc love those movies. Anyway I'm surprised they didn't do a part 3 or I'm surprised nobody had picked this up and did a TV series for it. They could have done a TV series for Billy the Kid or something like that just saying. I'm just wondering even in real life Pat Garrett actually killed Billy the Kid are not for sure. Or they could have done somehow to a storyline between Billy the Kid in Pat Garrett or something like that I don't know. I just woke up but I'm just saying now. Young Guns  was a great movie so I think they should have done some some type of a TV series with it.
I love,love,love this movie.hahahahaha
his laugh just like "joker". love it...badass charisma rare talent voice
Don't forget Burnie
111056 210 16 0 10
Young Guns 2 Trailer 1990
Director: Geoff Murphy
Starring: Christian Slater, Emilio Estevez, James Coburn, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Petersen

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

From the pages of 'Tiger Beat' to the dusty flats of the Wild West, this sequal again offers a teen dream team. Billy the Kid and his gang flee for Mexico with lawmen right behind. Music by Jon Bon Jovi.

Movie, Young Guns 2 Movie,Young Guns 2 Trailer,Young Guns 2 1990, Geoff Murphy,Christian Slater, Emilio Estevez, James Coburn, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Petersen
PT1M57S
sd
MovieID::::559
without doubt a memorable trailer a time when their creation was an art .
Steven was enough for me ...then i found out this movie has Danaielle harris...fav kid, now to add cherry on top 0:47 *Danny* fucking Trejo too
"He still looks functional to me" Obviously craving the cock.
It would be so cool if they made a scene when Steven seagal & his best friend had Jamaican food in Jamaica.
It would be cool if they were in Jamaica eating Jamaican food before looking for screwface.
That soundtrack 0:44 is from Cobra! Awsome!
Awesome, Seagal's golden age..
It's insanely funny.
steven segal stops making movies, and the terrorists go out of control.  we need him back to scare the world into loving America again.
In "Above the Law", he got tough. In "Hard to Kill," he got even. Now, the man with a short fuse is...Marked For Death.
Sensej Steve Siegel Is... Marked For Death
Steven Seagal made 4 good action movies. This was one of them.
58184 115 6 0 19
Marked For Death Trailer 1990
Director: Dwight Little
Starring: Basil Wallace, Joanna Pacula, Keith David, Steven Seagal, Tom Wright,

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

DEA agent Steven Seagal wants to retire. Instead of a gold watch, a Jamaican drug ring wants to give him cement shoes. Lots of karate-chops guaranteed.

Movie, Marked For Death Movie,Marked For Death Trailer,Marked For Death 1990, Dwight Little,Basil Wallace, Joanna Pacula, Keith David, Steven Seagal, Tom Wright,
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::560
Finally, found it. This was my favorite when i was a kid
The golden movie from that age !!!!!
An excellent true cult classic!!! I love this fun little low budget Horror Thriller
Holy shit I watched this as a kid and it's one of the few movies that have ever genuinely scared me. Nobody I've ever mentioned it to had ever heard of it, and i started to think I just imagined it or it was all a dream until I found the name online today. I have to buy this.
Cristopher Lambert in a movie where he is on a abandoned building in Croatia for 77 minutes hunting a mutant and directed by Pyun? This is gonna be good
i seen it years ago, it puts you in the exact mindset of parts of russia. It looks like some of chernobyl and catacombs in europe.
24601 45 1 0 7
Starring: Christopher Lambert, Natasha Henstridge and Norbert Weisser.
PT1M2S
sd
MovieID::::561
Jaws 3d is royally awesome really three d rules
Almost no footage from the actual movie in this tv spot. A wise move.
Marine Segregation!
A lot of movies have it that you know.
why does the copyright say 1982 when the movie was released in 1983? LOL....
Would be great if this were released on the new Blu-ray 3D format!
In this third Jaws movie I like the skier in the purple bikini.
@parkercadie1 Alves was production designer of part 1, the assistant director of 2, and then head Chief of 3D. GOD! I miss advertising like this. I know I'm in the minority here, but I enjoyed this one. Fun and exciting.
Spielberg couldn't do Jaws 2 because he was shooting Close Encounters which leaves him and Richard Dreyfuss out.  Joe Alves, designer on JAWS 1 or 2? directs 3.
Excellent!! Thanks for sharing
40427 114 9 0 12
Jaws goes to Sea World in this 3-D sequel with Dennis Quaid and Bess Armstrong.
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::562
I love this movie
23718 54 2 0 1
No Copyright Infringement Intended.
PT2M38S
hd
MovieID::::563
This film is my Rushmore.
This film is already a classic. Tom Cruise gives to his character so much passion, tenderness and personality. The other two leading roles are great as well.
YOU HAD ME AT HELLO!
song at 0:43?
I'm a huge film guy but hands down Jerry Maguire is my favorite film.

1. I''ve gone through my own level of 'who am I?' speech to myself and
some of these lines cut right through me in the movie.

2. I love Sports.

3. Who doesn't love a cute kid?

4. You need that brash friend to wake you up/believe in you.

5.Bruce Springsteen is the fucking man.

How can you not love this? Artsy, perfect, direction, whatever you are
into; that's nice. Jerry maguire is just my favorite movie. It's
perfect. Everything is perfect to me
What happens if we turn back the Time?
a wonderful movie

77065 103 3 0 12
Theatrical Trailer for Jerry Maguire. Written and directed by Cameron Crowe. Courtesy of Columbia/Sony.
PT2M30S
sd
MovieID::::564
My favortie scene is the movie opening.   A great movie that had a dynamite cast... I also love how they used relatively real technology rather than making up some futuristic bullshit.  If you like this movie, you will probably love another great Redford movie called Three.Days.Of.The.Condor.1975
I enjoyed this movie! River was so funny when he was dancing lol!
The trailer and the movie were both released in 1992, from when Universal was still awesome. It was a very good studio, until the mid-2000s, then it sadly went downhill...
OK then!  J F K still alive and a fake moon landing is part of the conversation in this movie?  WOW!... I`d say I`m going to have to watch this!
Fuck the NSA :)
I really like this movie. It was scripted in a very exciting & most intriguing way which drew much of my attention.
Who would expect a trailer to be made from original film stock more than 15 years after the movies release? The base film stock is irrelevant when the viewing mediums weren't able to keep up with the quality of the film.
Damn how did I miss this 90s classic "security" movie. Time to watch this.
Somehow the video trailer must have been upgraded to 480p because I'm sure I checked the quality before making the 360p comment
You mean 480p.
Noooo that's for sure. i am just saying that in general, just because a film is dated doesn't necessarily imply poor quality. But yeah, not much you can with this one.
Le reddit armey!
But not if the film or trailer is copied from a vhs...
It's not 1080 or 720, since this is a VHS version, which is only SD. The movie will be HQ because of the film stock, but this is an electric scanning with a low pixel per inch number.
I'm assuming you don't know much about film-quality.  Lots of older films are 'HD' because professional film stock is actually very high-quality.
setec astronomy

Still miss River Phoenix though....
It's HQ for a movie made in 1992. If you think differently I must assume you weren't alive for much of the 90's.
This temp audio track is dreadful, especially considering how awesome the music in this movie is.
I'm guessing the 'HQ' was in the title but the channel owner removed that but I'm not sure.
I know you're comment was two years ago, but I just have to respond: did anyone ever say that this trailer was in high quality?
My favorite movie...it is now 20 years old! How time has flown!
The movie was pretty good, but the trailer is amazing.  Really, this has to be one of the two or three best movie trailers ever made.
This is not a 'HQ' trailer because the video stream is only 360p!
One of the best computer/hacking movies ever made, probably THE best.  I love this movie! How many of you think the government actually has a device like this that can break any encryption system?
anyone like encryption 144 kilo mega encyrption  i like it too.... my friend  ...  mc1.97fx)(c h=1 c=.0000003



ladies of fire remember
188898 333 15 0 30
Trailer for Phil Alden Robinson's film
PT2M52S
sd
MovieID::::565
LOVE THIS MOVIE REMINDS ME OF MY HOME IN THE BLUE RIDGE MOUNTAINS OF NORTH CAROLINA AND VIRGINIA THE PEOPLE ARE BEAUTIFUL AND THE MOUNTAINS ARE TOO
This movie is a story that goes on all the time !
me cuesta mucho encontrar esta  pelicula completa en español!!!.la primera vez  q la vi tenia 12 o 13,y realmente hermosa peli,y triste tambien!!!
This was based on a true story did that guy that beat,molested and eventually raped Bone ever get caught by the law?
Where's part 2
This film won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Casting for a Miniseries or a Special.
Where is the rest of the movie? Why did you even bother to put up the first 15 minutes if you didn't have the whole movie? Stupid!!
I don't get how the girl  in Tue back seat who was sleep fell out the window but the lady in front didn't and she was in the middle
good movie so sad mothers let this stuff happen to daughters they are supposed protect I wish the bastard pervert child abuser pedophile sick fuck gone to jail but just like real life they get away with rape child.
Great, Great, Great movie
I drew a picture of Bone on my channel if anyone wants to check it out.  :)  xxx
porfavor alguien que la suba en español!!!!
Such a sad but GREAT movie!!!! One of my favs ever. Such great acting.
I love this movie and the realness of it. I always cry at the end
en donde puedo verla en español
Merle!!!!!!!!
true my sons last name is in mine his daddy didn't want him so I put his last name in mine
I knew mural looked familiar i saw him in this first
I don't know but I know these days you can chose which last name your child gets as far as the mother's, father's, or  a combination whether the child is legitimate or not.
THE MERLE FEEEEEEEEEEEELS!!!!!!!!!! My poor ovaries :(
i never even knew there was a movie i had read the book like 2 years ago! and i loved it!
my favorite part is from 4:42 - 4:52. Does hospital still have stamps like that and if not, then why do they ignore the illegitimacy epidemic in the USA today?
Can u please put the hole movie
SOMEONE HAVE THIS FULL MOVIE WITH SUBTITLES PORTUGUESE??
This is true movie cause you have many mothers would let their husbands do that to their children and that person is Katherine Jackson Michael jackson Mother
This movie was so sad that stupid mother how she let that man rape and abuse her child
but its so sad...
i love this movie
TERIA COMO POSTAR O FILME COMPLETO???

go to 1channel.ch and search for the film there. Then go on the first putlocker link.

Your welcome :)

uggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh i wanna see the next parts of this movie ...grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Yes thats definitly merle
Is that...Merle? Walking dead?
where is part 2
Can you please upload the second part of bastard out of carolina I really  want to watch it
tried it....didn't find whole movie. :-(
Buenos días Angelmarcadapelador:

¿Podrías, por favor, subir entera esta película en español?

Un respetuoso saludo.
It's sad that the good man had to die instead of Glenn
For everyone asking,  there's the full movie on YouTube search under "Bastard Out Of Carolina (1996)"..... and it's all on one  part! Enjoy the movie :)
@malikaharper23 just type in the youtube bar bastard out of carolina and it should be the 2nd or 3rd one
Why only part of the movie that stinks you may as well delete it!!!
I have seen this movie for sale on DVD on Amazon for like $15
is there a link for the whole movie

i'M TRYNG TO WATCH THE FULL MOVIE BUT i CANT FIND THE REST CAN SOME ONE HELP PLS

Gawd I'm emotional connected with this movie <33 Thank you soo much, i've been looking for it forever.
Thank you.I as well love this movie

160016 283 20 0 51
A Triste História da menina caroline!   Sempre vejo quando nao consigo chorar, assim coloco minhas magoas para fora!
PT15M
sd
MovieID::::566
Anybody know the name of the song playing?
Hello all introduce my name is Hastin Nuraini Jalan Lilin Mas 6 Dadaprejo Junrejo Batu East Java - Indonesia Tel: 62-81334887683 I love to write and have a series of short stories I want to sell a movie script for Hollywood And one day want to be a jury at the film festival greetings from Indonesia
I don't know why this film is so hard to find I mean was it really that bad? These are all very accomplished players.
hola esta pelicula la vi hace mucho tiempo, me gustaria verla una vez mas
Thanks so much for sharing this! I've been looking everywhere for this film. Finding the trailer is a nice treat!
2656 11 0 0 6
Somebody Is Waiting Trailer 1998
Director: Martin Donovan
Starring: Gabriel Byrne, Nastassia Kinski, Johnny Whitworth, Rebecca Gayheart,  ,

Official Content From Live Home Video

A family is emotionally torn apart by an unforseen incident and its struggle to reunite pushes the boundaries of the notion that blood is thicker than water.

Movie, Somebody Is Waiting Movie,Somebody Is Waiting Trailer,Somebody Is Waiting 1998, Martin Donovan,Gabriel Byrne, Nastassia Kinski, Johnny Whitworth, Rebecca Gayheart,  ,
PT1M41S
sd
MovieID::::567
Y'all Should Play The Goast Of Mississippi On My Phone Please as A Free Try Out

Christopher L.Scott
clscott1968@gmail.com
Alec Baldwin is hot
OMG he is so hot I'm talking about the guy who's talking about the murderer
9178 14 1 0 3
Ghosts Of Mississippi Trailer 1997
Director: Rob Reiner
Starring: Alec Baldwin, James Woods, Whoopi Goldberg, William H. Macy, Bill Cobbs,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

In 1963, Civil rights leader Medgar Evers was murdered in his own driveway. For thirty years his assasin remained free... until now. Great ensemble cast!

Movie, Ghosts Of Mississippi Movie,Ghosts Of Mississippi Trailer,Ghosts Of Mississippi 1997, Rob Reiner,Alec Baldwin, James Woods, Whoopi Goldberg, William H. Macy, Bill Cobbs,
PT2M10S
sd
MovieID::::568
Scream 1-3 are some of the best horror movies I have seen
i like this movie
It may sound weird, but this movie ruined my childhood.
Umm because there is a killer hacking up a bunch of teenagers
That looks awesome
Pretty kick ass trailer
Interesting how Courteney Cox was used to promote the film considering she was barely in the trailer
In the beginning of the trailer it had Nightmare on Elm Street music.
I wish I was born in the 90's, screw this century. -.-
Have you seen the movie?
this movie wasn't scary, it was hilarious
Finally saw this movie for the first time the other night.  Amazing.  Haven't been that hooked into a horror movie in years.  Just brilliant.
@Cerenok9 Hell yeah! She's amazing. Forever one of my favorite actresses. I loved her in The Craft!
Isn't neve campbell just awesome?
geez, i really need to watch the first 3 all the way through before watching Scream 4
nev campell was and is hott
It was so unexpected for them to kill Drew Barrymore first.
15 years ago this came out...... time is going by way too fast. I was a teenager when this movie came out in theaters.

Kids born in the early 80's had it the best....just throwing that out there.
This movie is 4EVER a LEGEND! i hope SCREAM4 is just as good
ily Scream(1,2&3)<3
Scream = Best, wittiest horror film ever! I also liked Wes Craven's "Red Eye." THAT one was awesome too! =D
I can't believe it has been 15 years since this movie came out. It only seems like last week it was released. The movie still holds up well thow. It has its corny aspects but has some really well produced scenes.
two words  " Horror Dynasty"
72031 145 6 0 23
Scream Trailer 1996
PT2M3S
sd
MovieID::::569
41042 43 6 0 1
This was one of those movies I didn't expect that much when I first saw it so I was pleasantly surprised. Since then, it has skyrocketed to nearly the top on my list of all-time favorite films. I can't think of too many other adventure films that are better. Just a great, great movie.

http://moviezdb.blogspot.com/2011/08/last-of-mohicans-1992.html
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::570
2770 7 1 0 0
The Evening Star Trailer 1997
Director: Robert Harling
Starring: Bill Paxton, Jack Nicholson, Juliette Lewis, Miranda Richardson, Shirley MacLaine, Scott Wolf

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

The long awaited sequel to 'Terms of Endearment'! Fifteen years after the death of her daughter from cancer, Aurora Greenway is still fighting to save what she cherishes most... her family.

Movie, The Evening Star Movie,The Evening Star Trailer,The Evening Star 1997, Robert Harling,Bill Paxton, Jack Nicholson, Juliette Lewis, Miranda Richardson, Shirley MacLaine, Scott Wolf
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::571
Aidan Gillen in the revolution of your performance,And i'd say if your shyness is the best quality of your personality.A direct person,Hates a fiddle-faddle and with brief answers, with pride of its origins and its family.


An a shyness man,but a true and gentle man.


And 0:06 at 0:17.Wonderful and Grateful for me watching these beautiful and strong irish girls dancing the riverdance,a native irish folk stepdance,characterized for your strength,firmness,characterized too for this your brave and proud irish people.


SAUDAÇÕES DO BRASIL.
loved the film, loved the music. gives me the shivers every time.
twenty six + six = 1
is that paul hill (actor) from in the name of the father on that newspaper?
12659 24 0 0 7
Some Mother's Son Trailer 1996
Director: Bill Whelan
Starring: Fionnula Flanagan, Helen Mirren, John Lynch, Aidan Gillen, David Patrick O'Hara,

Official Content From Warner Home Video



Movie, Some Mother's Son Movie,Some Mother's Son Trailer,Some Mother's Son 1996, Bill Whelan,Fionnula Flanagan, Helen Mirren, John Lynch, Aidan Gillen, David Patrick O'Hara,
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::572
Incredible.Thanks for vídeo.Novalyne Price Ellis&Robert E Howard..bibliography the Life and career..tragedy,relationship.One colossus of the tales myths around the world in cômica,strips&others formats.Beyond Realms of sword and sorcery.
conan ,   the  barbarian  , the best comics ever
41231 115 1 0 2
Movie trailer of "The Whole Wide World".
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::573
I Loved This Movie!!!
4398 15 1 0 1
Mother Trailer 1997
Director: Albert Brooks
Starring: Albert Brooks, Debbie Reynolds,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From Paramount Home Entertainment

In the wake of his second divorce, John Henderson realizes that his unsuccessful relationships with women date back to the first woman in his life... his mother.

Movie, Mother Movie,Mother Trailer,Mother 1997, Albert Brooks,Albert Brooks, Debbie Reynolds,  ,  ,  ,
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::574
through the film is visually wonderful ... i must be missing something.  (spoilers) why did the aborigine boy die at the end? what was his problem with the hunting of the animal when he himself survives by hunting.  he surely had seen hunters before ... it would be unbelievable that he hadnt.  so they used a gun to take down the animal.  aborigines take down the same prey using spears so i dont see what the movie is trying to convey.  it wasnt like it was a mass slaughter ... it was one animal shot shown over and over for some reason that haunted the boy into a frenzy in which i believe he was doing a protection ritual ... but why? what set him off to such extremes?  i wanted to like this movie but the messase got lost on me at the end.
Have to be a real wierdo leftist to make this kind of garbage.   Nice groin shot of the teenage pigmy btw.  Pervs.
Flea brought me here
I'm having trouble finding this does anyone know why the father wanted to shoot his children
Im looking for somewhere to discuss the beginning of this movie.
I watched tonite for the first time.
Can anyone explain the stupidity of the girl for walking inland,  away from the obvious direction that they had driven there in the first place??
They could have followed the tracks of the car...until they got back to the road! wtf... instead she just goes and walks up a bloody mountain.
however great a movie it is supposed to be.. this ridiculous start just ruins it because no 14 could be that stupid..could they?
where can I find the movie?
Real boars were killed in the making of this movie
Into my heart an air that kills
From yon far country blows:
What are those blue remembered hills,
What spires, what farms are those?

That is the land of lost content,
I see it shining plain,
The happy highways where I went
And cannot come again.
Is it just me, or does Mary look like she is at least 18, rather than a 13 year old? I'm 13 and I look like a 6 year old compared to her XD
2:04 she daydreamin bout that big black snake lol
RIP Nic Roeg we will never forget your films
This movie was just a stupid racial propaganda. This is just for manipulated dumb people.
Lol. Looks like I found another good old fashioned comedy made for the whole family. Such a heartwarming story filled with laughs and high adventure!
"This place is no place for civilized man" while the civilized father is shooting at his daughter and son hahahaha
One of my favorite films. Super.
The TV show Coupling(UK version) got me interested in this film.
Another Classic Nicolas Roeg film
If I were on my death bed and could only watch one more movie, it would be WalkAbout.
Can't go wrong with Jenny Agutter. Hot stuff.
Jenny... what a beauty
Jennifer On My Mind...
Having recently been devastatingly overwhelmed with the Barry-scored brilliance of Roeg's "Outback" wonderment for the first time, it understandably had me obsessively delving into Agutter's filmography with some degree of zeal. My mother had always fancied "The Railway Children", which unfortunately, in respect to my late Mum, I have never seen. My exposure to Jenny's body of work was limited to childhood television viewings of "Logan's Run", until becoming wonderfully entranced with her shimmering filmic elegance during a theatrical screening of Landis' lycanthropic opus as a teenager. Other than James Salter's "Three", Nic Roeg's "Walkabout" is without question, the only film that has residually left me with the same dazzling feeling of heightened electric melancholia as it climaxed. Without a doubt the most emotionally-resonant movie I have ever experienced...
While these movies are rarely made nowadays, I'd say Old Boy (2003) did a fairly good job. Also the work by Kim Ki-duk is worth mentioning since those are very humane stories. So if you want more resent movies with humane stuff going on, go check on Asia and especially South Korea
The late sixties and seventies were the best times for cinema. It seemed more exciting and adventurous and took chances where modern movies are merely concerned with money and tapping into fixed demographics. Nicholas Roeg was a true visionary filmmaker with his fractured, non-linear style which becomes a cinematic jigsaw puzzle that the audience have to piece together. It is not a passive entertainment when seeing  a Roeg film (although Walkabout is pretty straight forward) but it is a rewarding experience. Walkabout is stunningly beautiful, photographed by Roeg himself. He was a cinematographer who then became a director and has a very distinct visual eye. It is just worth watching for the lovely Jenny Aggutter. I do not know what this film was initially rated but there is quite a bit of nudity in it, but one never gets the sense that is sensationalistic or vulgar. One can draw many conclusions as to the films meaning which is always the mark of a great film that it's interpretation is open to various analogies. Marriage and the lack of communication between men and women is a commong theme in Roeg films so that  is my own interpretation, especially a rather sad end scene.
the lad is pretty intense: oh you want water, let me just stick this wooden straw into the GROUND!!
i want to see this movie
lol funny editing. "Water?" -then down goes the club
Watched yesterday. It's still in my mind and i think it will be for long time. What a masterpiece. Such a sad story.
Esta la dieron en HBO Olé hace 20 años, y aunque es de 20th Century Fox, nunca la volvieron a pasar en ningún canal.
Nothing to do with CH. Walkabout is a masterpiece. CH is just stupid.
I remember this,a great picture but not for the faint hearted,wasn't Jenny Agutter pretty.
Great movie but definitely not for most
Sure they are! They're just overshadowed by Hollywood garbage.
"No place for civilised man." Try saying that line in a movie today.
This is my English Enrichment study
His heart was broken by the whites shooting those animals and leaving their bodies without even taking the meat. The girl was nice to him. I'm not sure that Aborigine died either, since he was held under his arms by the tree fork under his armpits. I loved the Aborigines and old cars in the movie. Great scenery and Jenny was so young! Lots of animals were killed and eaten in this movie too! Peta would be mad!
Yes it is,  but  I found it more esoteric and obscure.  Walkabout has a genuine story,  based on a Novel, and Roeg was  a long time Cinematographer  before directing films.
His visuals  are profound and stunning.
I agree that this kind of film is not made very often, but would point you to Malick's Tree of Life (2011) for powerful, beautiful visual poetry. It is not dead!
fuck england
I wonder what happen to movies nowadays,,,
Beautiful film with great performances and Jenny Agutter in a school uniform! Christ cobber!
esta pelicula es hermosa, se las recomiendo mucho:')
@ardbastard1 My teacher was a dude, dude. As i agree on what you are saying about human beauty, I don't agree that my teacher was awesome. On saying that, I am judging him on memories from 20 years ago ...
so did the older boy kill himself or did someone kill him? i've never seen this movie, but i have an idea of what its about
@Hugo411 i miss good old movies with spirit and emotion haha!!!

Is it wrong that our English teacher showed us this film when we were about 11/12 years old?
The faggiest film i have ever seen

@WonderWomanFan4life I just saw that movie a couple of minutes ago and it is really true what you said. I kept wondering what had happened with the aboriginal boy. I think it was like a mating dance but the girl seemed really to try to distanced from him. Also, It broke my heart when the aboriginal kid saw the Australian hunters rapidly killing game and crying about it. So deep and beautiful.
Thanks for share

it looked to me like someone shot the animals for example it may have been taken from real footage of those who shoot them for sport. i thought that was very sad
@Hugo411

yes it was visually lovely but some parts left unanswered.  Like for example did you understand his dance? was it a death dance or mating dance?  he was really crying in it too. poor kid. that girl basically treated him like a servant. She swam and swam while he was hunting for food, cooking, playing with her brother. she was not concerned about learning at all she had him.
Love this,like a waking dream.
This kind of movie is NOT made anymore.
Visual Poetry that is accessible to All  Audiences.
Images that evoke, and a Genuine story that breaks your heart.
Love this film, the music is also incredible.
225006 608 32 0 92
A young sister and brother are abandoned in the harsh Australian outback and must learn to cope in the natural world, without their usual comforts, in this hypnotic masterpiece from Nicolas Roeg. Learn more: http://www.criterion.com/films/522-walkabout
PT3M24S
hd
MovieID::::575
The film is great, the question is how to watch it, can't find it anywhere :(
This is a magnificent film.  Stoltz and Hawthorne are unforgettable:  don't miss a chance to see this.
1296 7 0 0 2
Inside Trailer 1996
Director: Arthur Penn
Starring: Eric Stoltz, Louis Gossett Jr., Nigel Hawthorne, Ian Roberts, Ross Prelier,

Official Content From Evergreen

An emotional and thrilling tale of life and death behind the walls of a maximum security prison. From the acclaimed director of 'Bonnie and Clyde', and featuring a powerful international cast.

Movie, Inside Movie,Inside Trailer,Inside 1996, Arthur Penn,Eric Stoltz, Louis Gossett Jr., Nigel Hawthorne, Ian Roberts, Ross Prelier,
PT1M42S
sd
MovieID::::576
they literally show the whole friking movie in this trailer as well as give the spoilers away and seems predictable. But otherwise seems like a sweet, fun loving dog movie that i may try.
I loved this movie as a kid
10869 23 0 0 2
Zeus And Roxanne Trailer 1997
Director: George Miller
Starring: Kathleen Quinlan, Miko Hughes, Steve Guttenberg, Arnold Vosloo, Dawn McMillan,

Official Content From HBO Video

Zeus is a rowdy dog. Roxanne, a delightful dolphin. What happens when the two come together is an exciting and unexpected tale of freedom, friendship, and love.

Movie, Zeus And Roxanne Movie,Zeus And Roxanne Trailer,Zeus And Roxanne 1997, George Miller,Kathleen Quinlan, Miko Hughes, Steve Guttenberg, Arnold Vosloo, Dawn McMillan,
PT1M42S
sd
MovieID::::577
onde encontro esse filme completo?  alguém sabe?
12483 63 4 0 2
Own it now on DVD:
http://www.umbrellaent.com.au/

Falling in love can be more than a state of mind and being. For defiant young lovers Harry and Kate it is an opportunity at salvation and the promise of a new beginning.

Harry (John Lynch, In The Name Of The Father) and Kate (AFI Award winner Jacqueline McKenzie, Romper Stomper) have two intrinsic things in common – they are in love and they are both schizophrenic.

Supported by his brother Morris (AFI Award winner Colin Friels, Malcolm) and sister in-law Louise (Deborra-Lee Furness, Jindabyne) Harry sets out to make the most of his life with Kate, embarking on a whirlwind romance destined to not only test their minds, bodies and souls – but also challenge the perception of the surrounding world to their remarkable plight.

Winner of 7 AFI Awards, including Best Film, Best Director (Michael Rymer), Best Actress and Best Actor, Angel Baby is a touching tale of dedication and propinquity.
PT2M10S
hd
MovieID::::578
Funny with great action it’s so underrated
This trailer makes it out to be a comedy when it really isn’t. One of his most serious roles
I loved Metro
The other black cop was in fright night and die hard 2
Happy 20th anniversary!!!
Cozy the Horse disliked this video.
I love the hell out of movie. Don't understand why so many people hate it.
why is it called metro
Funny as hell
Blue Streak?
Does anyone find it strange that I like this movie more than Beverly Hills Cop?
So did I. It was awesome.
it's Eddie Murphy, not eddi murphy!!!
@oznhack lool .. the movie ur talking about is not for Eddie Murphy , its for Martin lawrence and its called Blue Streak

Eddie Murphy's 1997 Transexual Prostitute Encounter Fear!
great movieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Reminds me of beverly Hills cop
This movie would have sucked if they didnt pick out Michael Wincott to play as Michael Korda
Had this movie on VHS and DVD, lost em both
I loved this movie.)
Aw c'mon now, who am I - Redd Foxx?
107122 112 10 0 28
Metro Movie Trailer with eddi murphy
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::579
"what killed them?''> "bad manners"; todays' u s has enshrined bad mannerz as a high art form, dissin' somebody in public; reality101: an armed society is a polite society; an UNARMED society? Tolerance Enforcement; FTS
You boys sure ask a lot of questions....
9874 40 2 0 2

PT1M50S
sd
MovieID::::580
UGH! I want to see it!!
13412 16 3 0 1
Michelle Pfeiffer, Elliott Gould.  Innocence in the fifties reclaimed through the use of plot devices?  Scampish teens getting into mischief in The Nuclear Age.  Ah, the memories.
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::581
English Language!
Omarr Koroma
Palmers College!
The movie that made me fell in love with Charlotte ...
The most erotic movie I've ever seen.
De qué año es la película? xD
nothing like the smell of incest in the morning
Amazing movie
Awful trailer - this doesn't do the movie any justice. I personally loved this film and thought it was wonderful. The characters are so fragile, yet strong. Particularly Jack, this gorgeous, awkward, feminine boy. Obviously this movie features incest and isn't for everyone, but for those with a very open mind and an understanding of forbidden love, it will be appreciated. I found the ending simply beautiful.
Conor McGregor would kill you all.
The Cement Garden es de los buenos tiempos en que HBO pasaba las mejores películas inglesas. Por lo general las daban los sábados a las 7 de la noche.
Charlotte Gainsbourg is a beatiful woman
GREAT book! Don't like the look of the film by this trailer. Really good story and well written but still not as good as Lolita.
me puedes mandan el link de la pelicula entera plis

Is the plot of The Dreamers similar to this?
Watched this last night as it was on tv - had no idea what it was about. Have to say its one of the darkest and also one of the most erotic films ive ever seen (at least at 9 oclock on a wednesday night).  Gonna have to read the book now, wondering why ive never heard of it as ive read quite a few of his books.
If you study her career choices, she projects a straight-arrow image but every now and then she has to let the demon out and play an unbelievably sick and twisted part.
This movie was really dark and strange, but the scene where the brother and sister gets turned on by tickling was the most realistic depiction of how a lot of sexual play starts for siblings in real life.  At least compared to the fantasies that people post on some of the supposed true story websites.
I was listening to the audiobook recently and I've gotta say that it's almost Lolita-like in how twisted it is.
0:55 is that guy a robot or something?
0:57:
Sorry - that is the worst line reading ever

"JU-LIE-HE'S-YOUR-BRA-THA!"

Lmao
Incest is really like, 14 percent of the book, the underlying details, main plot, ect are really literary dance moves, because once I picked up the book, and read in in a single sitting, I was oddly more comfortable with human nature on the whole.  The children fall into a deep, "running on hormones" vibe after both parents die, and theyre lost in their own world, much like all of us are. Maybe except theyre lost in more unison.
I haven't seen the film. I'm reading the book now, it's some messed up shit.
watch it? Watch it where?
\
This trailer isnt very cogent.film is about :where r boundaries of what is naturall n what not.Or better questions, there r some boundaries at all???
I loved Charlotte Gainsbourg in this movie :)
Looks interesting, whats it about?
a bit disturbing to be honest.

i saw this movie.....i mean i thot the movie would be more than just "incest" and "nudity".....but disappointedly its not!! Ok the parents die! ok they do wat seems "unnatural" and to some "pathetic" but who will bury their mother in a basement for god sake!!! please......i mean the start of the movie is good it glues u to ur seat.....but the later part is just incest, incest and nudity....that's it.....i think they cud have done better....much better...!!! :/
this doesn't make me want to watch the movie, but the movie and novel are amazing
Can somebody put the entire movie on youtube?
This trailer doesn't really make me want to watch this movie. I really Like Andrew Birkin films and I've heard good things about the book, but this trailer makes me NOT want to see it... yikes!
@StelthyFox  what  what !!! my father and mother wasnt around much  that didnt make me want to fuck my sister.
@StelthyFox - Intelligent comment !!  Very true...what happens when inhibitions are forgotten?
Andrew robertsooon so hoot
what is it about?
you can't get it on youtube because know one will post it on here!
too bad they haven't put the whole movie on youtube...the fuckers! god! jack is so fucken hot I would do him!
670607 288 57 0 45

PT1M20S
sd
MovieID::::582
Governor Preston: Back out of the election the hell is this? GREAT BALLS OF FIRE!
Swear that was her....I've watched that movie a thousand times and never remembered where I saw her from until now.....WOW! LAD and Rodney Dangerfield(R.I.P.) LOL! Jackie Payne was a hooker!
17748 46 2 0 2

PT2M33S
sd
MovieID::::583
It's a funny movie
I'm looking forward watching this movie!
Just watched this movie, never heard of it before, but it is funny as hell and this is coming from a black man.
This movie looks terrible. Sam Jack's had one line in the whole trailer. No wonder I've never heared of this film.
The sir mixalot song at the end is awsome to, watch the movie it is funny.
is this movie good ? pls answer on private message
39778 52 1 0 6
Trailer for the movie Amos & Andrew
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::584
Macht gute Laune !
Those ladies are gorgeous
It has a different lyrics
Spot on dudes
Haunting music ,but I miss Luis Alberto del Parana.
Y por ciertos muy bueno lo hacen
Recién me enteré que los paraguayos interpretaba guantanamera
que bonito!!!! muy lindo estos si son musicos de verdad!!!!!

The performance is "100% paraguayo", but the music is 100% kubanisch! See the best version on YouTube with Luis Alberto del Parana accompanied by Los Paraguayos!
I remember seeing these in Spain in 1970 they were awesome, my favourite song was Voltare and Granada. I miss them so much they always made my  heart rejuoice.
die beste musik von sudamerika!!!! 100%paraguayo!!!
55406 311 11 0 14
silvesterstadl in Linz, Austria, 1994.
PT3M9S
sd
MovieID::::585
I love the part where they say McHale at 0:57 to 0:59.
I grew up with this movie too you know , I am think  " McHale"s Navy " 1997 version it"s a great film and amazing  movie . Tom Arnold he did a pretty good dawn job to playing McHale . Tim Curry play a good bad guy a sexy terrorist " Major , Vladikov " . Tim Curry  he did  incredible great job to playing his role  " Vladikov " , gosh ! he is quite something , so good , when I was kid I use to afraid " Vladikov " , probably because of his anger but not anymore . Tim Curry  he will always be a legend and a wonderful actor . 1:16 , Oh my God it"s Bruce Campbell ! he is so funny .
The name of the song is wipe out I believe... the took out the lyrics of the song.. this song was in the sandlot.
I grew up with this Movie!

Need to get the DVD
It's a generic cover of "Wipe Out" by the Surfaris.
25014 49 6 0 6
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

McHale's Navy Trailer - Directed by Bryan Spicer and starring Tom Arnold, Dean Stockwell, David Alan Grier, Tim Curry, Ernest Borgnine. Retired Lieutenant Commander Quinton McHale spends his days puttering around the Caribbean in the old PT-73 selling homebrew, ice cream, and swimsuit calendars. He's brought out of retirement when his old nemesis turned the second best terrorist in the world, Major Vladikov, takes over the island of San Moreno and starts building a nuclear launch silo on it. With help from his old crew and hindrances from Captain Wallace B. Binghampton, who sank a cruise liner a while back, McHale tries to put Vladikov out of business.

Universal - 1997
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::586
Tengo el DVD, muy buena película, pensé que era de inicios de los 90'S nó del 96
Gran película La amo
best film i've ever seen!
The best movie ever
truly a gem ..
What a shitty trailer for such a remarkable film. Shame!
wonderful movie
Terrible trailer for a beautiful movie.
50754 179 7 0 10
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Kolya (1996) Official Trailer - Drama Movie HD

A confirmed bachelor is in for the surprise of his life when a get-rich-quick scheme backfires, setting off a wild set of circumstances and leaving him with a pint-sized new roommate. Now, with a mischievous five-year-old named Kolya suddenly in his care, life in this once carefree playboy's tiny apartment changes faster than he could ever imagine.


Welcome to the Fandango MOVIECLIPS Trailer Vault Channel. Where trailers from the past, from recent to long ago, from a time before YouTube, can be enjoyed by all. We search near and far for original movie trailer from all decades. Feel free to send us your trailer requests and we will do our best to hunt it down.
PT1M28S
hd
MovieID::::587
My father, Don Goodman was training with this group of heros, but fell ill before they shipped out, and ended up serving in Germany.
My uncle, Peter Pantsari, was one of these men and lost his life there!
17463 31 3 0 3
The goal was clear: defeat the Nazis who were entrenched high in the snowy mountains of Italy. Drawing together an elite group of champion skiers, mountain climbers and European mountaineers, the U.S. Army created the 10th Mountain Division, America's only mountain and winter warfare fighting unit. From the intensive training atop the Colorado Rockies to the spectacular night climb of Italy's Riva Ridge - where the 10th scored their biggest victory against Hitler's troops - Fire on the Mountain tells the thrilling story of these rugged, courageous men in all their glory.
PT2M17S
sd
MovieID::::588
Inspirational.  I'm trying to write a similar screenplay and I hope I can get Guest involved.
Keanu Reeve .... z
Cómo se llama esta película en castellano?
makes me think of an american 'the full monty'
Colleen sent me here
I just love this film but I do hate trailers that are loaded with scenes that are not in the movie!
Quality all the way.
Doesn't he remind you of the dean of COmmunity?!?! Or vice-versa...?
Bach's English Suite #2
anyone know what classical music that is? Bach
This might be the most brilliantly acted and directed movie you'll ever see. If you think otherwise, then you're bastard people!
Music, theatre and philosophy. Nigel Tufnell is truly the modern renaissance man.
The movie allows us to see human behavior in such a vulnerable and revealing way. Terrific actors that have the ability to bring forth such truth; a truth that speaks to the pride and self importance people feel about their particular world; no matter how imagined and self made it is.  It also shows just how much ones perspective governs their reality. Wish more writers would dig just a bit deeper and take the kind of risk needed for quality work.
I've been working here at the DQ for about, umm....
Holy fuck, imagine how much more insane this movie would have been if Ben Stein was in it.
Meryl Streep's favorite movie :)
How does anyone find this movie funny?
Keanu Reeve...s
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Christopher Guest, Fred Willard, Catherine O'Hara, Parker Posey, Bob Balaban, Frances Fisher and Eugene Levy (before he was surrounded by the stupid movies he's been doing lately). How can I complain about that? This movie is hilarious!
231160 412 14 0 26
Theatrical trailer.  No claims to ownership intended.
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::589
ehhh I'll pass
this was also a brodway show
Should've had at least SOME real, underground music, instead of sappy, cheesy "alternative" cunting acts...  Napalm Death, maybe some other European bands, but nope, gotta be 'Murican, radio friendly bullshit...
6984 34 1 0 3
Filmmaker Richard Linklater (Dazed and Confused, Before Sunrise) explores the lives of young Americans at a crossroads in suburbia. Adapted by Eric Bogosian (Talk Radio) from his play subUrbia, the film rocks with a soundtrack that includes cuts by Sonic Youth, Beck, Skinny Puppy, Butthole Surfers, Elastica and more.

An ensemble cast featuring Parker Posey (Party Girl), Steve Zahn (That Thing You Do) and Nicky Katt (A Time to Kill) star in this engrossing story which opens during a typical night among friends who are stuck somewhere between high school and the rest of their lives. The night doesn't stay typical for long. The arrival of a former classmate who is now a rock star sets passions and conflicts in motion. Before the night is over friendships will be forged or shattered, romances will be won or lost, limits will be tested and futures will be shaped.
PT2M16S
sd
MovieID::::590
This movie could have been a biggie but the flaws start rolling in after the good start; then it gets strained and we have to suspend our disbelief. Of course, the father and daughter aspect is a big plus--Laura Linney was well cast--very pretty girl then!
I Like this movie!
I hear it as "the other is the most powerful man in the world...: Clint Eastwood!"
Why did you use singular? And you are aware of the fact that a movie is a seperate entity?
whos the actress that plays on the murdered women
@DMIBinario Actually this movie isn't a crime series at all. Sure there are crimes involved, but that's true with a lot of movies like street racing, batman movies, any movie with action has crimes in it dude. I can see how this trailer makes you think this is like some CSI Miami bullshit, but it's not. It's actually a VERY intense movie relating to political power and not to cops or investigators. It's about a thief and a murder he witnessed in the mansion he was robbing.
wtf..I'm searchign a good series to watch and I hate that crimes series crap..all the same and there are too many of them
I think this is avery interesting movie!
@MoPar7055

that movie was boring


the  bird man of alcatraz
luther didn't die in the movie either.
My favorite Eastwood's movie in the 90s (next to In the Line of Fire and The Rookie). Brilliant movie with unique acting and storyline. Clint Eastwod rocks!!!
139696 79 6 0 12
Trailer for the movie Absolute Power
PT1M31S
sd
MovieID::::591
I want to give a shot out to happy - late birthday to the beautiful actress + Bette midler happy late birthday to you..
3773 15 0 0 1
That Old Feeling Trailer 1997
Director: Carl Reiner
Starring: Bette Midler, Dennis Farina, Paula Marshall, Gail O'Grady, Danny Nucci, David Rasche

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

Happily divorced for 14 years, the only thing Lily and Dan have in common is their mutual hatred. But, at their daughter's wedding, pent-up rage turns to unbridled passion!

Movie, That Old Feeling Movie,That Old Feeling Trailer,That Old Feeling 1997, Carl Reiner,Bette Midler, Dennis Farina, Paula Marshall, Gail O'Grady, Danny Nucci, David Rasche
PT2M20S
sd
MovieID::::592
Hey could upload the full movie Boys Life 2 ? I can not find it anywhere online
*sniff* *sniff* someone is apart of the *This Is Us Fandom* .....

*Jack* I'm telling *Rebecca* and *Kate,Kevin Randell* but *Kevin* cannot really judge his daddy as he to had his hand in the *cookie hunty jar* *raises an eyebrow*
where can I watch the whole movie???
they also could have casted people that are able to dance for the main parts LOL
Milo's lashes are sooo intense it's like he has on eyeliner. But he doesn't. He sure looks gay though.
Wish I could find the track at 8:01, want it so badly. The credits of the film says that the song is "Wild Pitch" by The Music Freaks, but I can't find the correct version online.

Also, why the hell did they bring Dave along? lol. It would've been awesomely awkward to see someone flirt with him.
Uhhh... Milo I love you so I'm not going to watch this lol
Damn the 90's were the best time of my life... the Club at Firestone, Orlando Florida
Milo what the fuck,
06:47 is funny nice lol XD
@LifeAlwaysGoesOn Noo you're wrong his cute
Who says, you shouldn't dwell on the past.
Was meant to be slow action I think. So he literally moved slowly.
It looked quite familiar to me. So yeah...people did dance like that. Some still do too no doubt, lol
the guy in the white shirt is was freaking creepy


A bit sad Jason leaves his cousin behind
I never liked that kind of dancing. Call me old fashioned ;)
If I was 18 then, then that would've been my kind of dance party. Yeeoow!!!

All that talk in thew back ground. Eww gay "Wonder Years."
Milo really looked like Jackson Rathbone (twilight) at that age
Looks like someone's bi confused lolz :)
Is Milo wearing lipstick?
milo's got thick makeup :D LOL awesommmme haha and he dances!!! haha :D
the guy in the white shirt dancing was actually really creepy
102253 370 23 0 25
Boy Life 2 (1997) Must Be The Music
PT10M1S
sd
MovieID::::593
9910 10 0 0 0
No Copyright Infringement Intended.
PT1M3S
hd
MovieID::::594
2398 4 0 0 0
Best Men Trailer 1998
Starring: Drew Barrymore, Dean Cain, Andy Dick, Sean Patrick Flanery, Mitchell Whitfield, Luke Wilson

Official Content From Orion Home Video



Movie, Best Men Movie,Best Men Trailer,Best Men 1998, Drew Barrymore, Dean Cain, Andy Dick, Sean Patrick Flanery, Mitchell Whitfield, Luke Wilson
PT35S
sd
MovieID::::595
RIP voice over guy.
A man without a name can never be identified; a man who doesn’t exist can never be caught; a man who does not love can never truly be alive.

Great lines.
They don't make movies like this no more.
I am downloading this movie now only because of elisabeth shue. She is so beautiful.
Yeah, I didn't see that one. ROFL
a very great movie. i just love the Name of the Character. Simon Templar. a very Divine Name!
Looks better than "The Avengers" (1998).
1 of Val Kilmer's Best and 1 of my Favorite movies :)
LESLIE ORPHANAGE 2750 Sutterville Rd Sacramento CA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lSEKR5JJi8
F&M - Maybe Tomorrow (DRIFTLESS Remix)
The best action drama/thriller I’ve ever seen since Ladder 49.
Under rated movie, My fav though.
The cover look enticing.
I started watching English movies due to this film.
Despite some unbelievable moments, 'The Saint' is an entertaining movie. Val Kilmer is terrific in the author backed role; music is wonderful, especially at the beginning and the end of movie, and Elisabeth Shue looks very beautiful.
Real story of Tesla...
This movie, and soundtrack, is an absolute masterpiece. Takes you away,
I miss 1997, and that general era. They don't make movies like this anymore...with this level of magic and allure,
Trailers were so much better back then
The first piece of music in the trailer is the theme from Alec Baldwin's 1994 neo-noir superhero film The Shadow. The last piece of music in the trailer is the theme from Denzel Washington's submarine thriller Crimson Tide.
Awsome trailor
Jerry Goldsmith's score for "The Shadow" is used to open the trailer for some reason
love my orphan wife!
Val Kilmer was the real Batman
had a Change of mind what about Jason statham as the saint and guy ritchie to direct maybe Henry cavill AS the bad guy i dont think the man from uncle did that well
I herd there rebooting this I would say for the saint would be Henry cavill Matt Damon or maybe even Tom cruise
its a good movie but russian portraits as very bad and dangerous people and americans as good and rightous but i dont think so, pal!
Batman as Simon Templar
good movie, i love elisabeth shue Beautiful access.
MIGHTY FINE MOVIE...
VAL KILMER IS THE MAN!
I love this movie and Val is fun ! The russian contact is hot too with the watch ;) Grreat movie ! before Bourne. It's really fun. - BTW - I want that PIN!
The Cracked podcast sent me.
Yea the trailer does suck ~ does the movie no justice...
She hasn't worked with me yet,lol...
Always loved the music on this Trailer. :D

(Jerry Goldsmith - The Shadow)
It's so early (yawn), want to get some coffee or sumsing?
The beginning of this movie has haunted me for YEARS. I just figured out the title of it, I watched it as a child somehow!! Anyone have a clip of when he was at the orphanage?
This is one of the best movies ever! Great storyline & one of Val's best.
Guy a few post back, this movie "was" relevant back when it was released. Russia had just began the rebuilding process. Power brokers are everywhere & that is indisputable... amazing movie!
@IIIZEPHYROSIII So, does that even have anything with my comment to do ? That's your personal opinion - I just commented on the trailer.. :)
@jdudehalo11 i really wonder who makes up this stuff at the first place .... but i respect him anyways because he knows how scare me
@MadDogMcGree



I always thought it was the theme from 1994's 'The Shadow'
Crimson Tide soundtrack in the trailer
How cool would it be if Kilmer dropped his extra weight and made a Saint 2?

REALLY cool. This was one of his most overlooked roles.
@Kjellson82 I also have the VHS, DVD, both soundtracks, paperback & the poster :)))) Yes it's a great movie...
im watching it right now

OH my....I haven't seen this in for forever! Great movie and humina humina on Val...lol
Gail Platts grandad @ 1:39 lulz
is it coming out on tv ? in some kind or series?
I've never seen that movie
I noticed there were a number of scenes in the trailer that didn't make its way into the film.
Usually because the original score and soundtrack is NOT ready at the time of a trailer. Dragonheart's theme is often in movie trailers, dito for Stargate, The Terminator was the soundtrack for the ROBOCOP trailer, and so on.
why is the music of the shadow in the trailer?
296905 369 17 0 62

PT2M3S
sd
MovieID::::596
I like the naem C:
Katniss is Smila!
A few weeks ago I bought a very cheap copy of the movie. Good movie and I loved Julia and Gabriel in it but it seemed like it was lasting for a very long time.
My name is Smilla, hehe.
Subtítulos en español!
I read it in jail......ha! I'm watching it tonight
I'm reading it. It was his only book I didn't read at the time because I threatened it was a delusion (being such a bestseller). It's not.
He has such a sense of literature. He speaks about certain things others do not dare to mention.
I just finished reading this... I didn't even know there was a movie
Výbornej film :-))
it hurts to see bob peck playing such a police stooge when he was so great in edge of darkness
i like the element of greenland in this film
So's mine ;)
Fuck this shit, read a book, its hundred times better than the movie
yo mataria el actor que mato el ninito lindisimo eso no se hace zingado hijo de puta!!!
both book and movie are beautiful!
Ha!  That music is from the Predator 2 score!
@009firefox I may have to rent it then :)

What threw me off a bit was the casting. On reading the book, I didn't visualize the characters this way. The book was great! I even was able to correspond with Ms Nunnaly regarding the translation in order to clarify something I was working on! and then i saw her on "How Scandinavian Crime Fiction Conquered The World" coolness!
if ever a book was butchered by a movie, this is it.  mis-cast, mis-directed, and a missed opportunity. what a fucking shame. a great book by a great writer transformed into a waste of celluloid.
my dog's name is Smilla!xD
@smartcooky99 - You got Smilla's personality well. She is also very intelligent, mature, yet maintaining a streak of her youth.

I've yet to see the movie, but experience has taught me never to have high or perfect expectations when relating a film to a novel it was based off.
I agree with joeehzy, though I'm sure the movie probably gave the novel some justice(It does look like it stayed within the storyline of the book), I imagine Smilla with more Greenlandic/Inuit features. Yes, she grew up (schooled) in Denmark, but the book distinctly has her recalling her very young years with her mother (and i think she ran away 3x trying to get back to Greenland)  The boy Isaiah is almost perfectly cast.
@joehzy - On the contrary, I think Ormond was the perfect choice for the role. She plays the part of the short-tempered, impulsive Smilla Jaspersen very convincingly and skilfully. Also, her character isn't just "Greenlandic" she's half Danish and grew up in Denmark.
I love this movie
I just read the book a few months ago.. And I don't like the choice of actors... Julia Ormond isn't even greenlandic at all..
great book by the way and a wonderful movie!!!
I just finished reading the book today!

I loved it! The end is not so exciting, but the book as a whole is just a masterpiece! Genius!
Julia Ormund is so hot!
ho letto il libro, tempo fa: meraviglioso!
Julia Ormond is so beautiful in this movie.
it is a warm evening here in southern louisiana
it made me suspicious as a man in this world,  but dreamy too. love copenhagen and hate it too. it is so.....
oh, definately, the book was a foreigners dream of the beauty of danish. um...backward as a native american who fell in love with muddled dees and paa's? i love you, denmark. the tough thing is actually sailing into disko bay ever.
reading hoeg in all his subtleties in english is jarring, and as much as this movie makes me cringe, my beloved god i can't believe someone would make this movie at all. i think peter would agree. at least i hope he would. mellem book from a decade or so ago. oh, such a real book to me...... too good for film.
Bille August is a fantastic film director, he made also "The house of the spirits" based by Isabel allende's novel. Julia Ormond is a wonderful Smilla!!!
I loved this film when I first saw it ...... the setting, the haunting music and the wonderful, no bullshit, truth centered character of Smilla.



I had to read the book then of course which was just as wonderful....complex and beautifully written.



I could watch this film over and over. Everything to do with the Arctic fascinates me. So delighted I have been there. Now want to go back.........
One of my favorite movies of all time. Thank you for the posting. Great storyline, great acting, great Julia Ormond.
Snow covers everything except the truth...

i read this book ages ago, saw the movie..the movie like the book ends quite inconclusively..i thought the ending of the book was suppose to be a cliffhanger that a 2nd book would resolve but apparently that was it...
it's a really really good movie!
Bob Peck is awesome!
I saw the movie last sunday night and it brings back memories. It was one of more decent movies I seen at the time.
omg i want to watch this!!!!
83789 90 4 0 44
Smillas sense of snow
PT2M36S
sd
MovieID::::597
Where the fuck is the blu-ray?
The movie where Elastigirl cheats on Mr. Incredible by having sex with Ultron.
This movie was literally porn lol
Is it any good, you guys?
Sexiest movie EVER
I like this movie for all the wrong reasons
A wild ride into the unforgettable.
great film, misunderstood...like the book was
I would love to see this movie! Original NC-17 version uncut! :D
it's Decade by Delerium
the new flesh
Never heard it so delicately put! ^_^ Agreed!
Clarkson voice: This movie... is the best movie, ever
this film is ABSOLUTE SHIT!
That awkward moment when you watch the 2004 film Crash all the way through and realise that it was actually this that you wanted to see...
Esse filme foi fera!
That's Lee from Desperate Housewives! :D
this is a properly weird film like everybody has mentioned, I also watched it when I was like a kid in school and thought WTF, but I also thought it was quite like a porno and I enjoyed it for that.
what is that song begins with 0:22 ???
is this film about sex addiction. constantly trying to get a more dangerous exciting rush??
I saw this on T.V when i was 11 years old lol. Remember thinking it was the most bizarre film ever. Fucking odd. But interesting.
Deborah Unga is one very very sexy creature, I bet she knows hot to love and satisfy a man
A weird movie about weird people with weird attitudes...but still kinda entertaining.
@dcanmore Great, going to spend time checking out those vids. Fascinating studying the influences of the masters and their masters' masters! I recommend you viewing " JG Ballards dies vid " here on YT. Its short but highly engaging and you've got a bit of Amis jnr thrown in too + original version of "Crash" made in the early 70's. Happy viewing and thanks again for the info.
@alfriendo2008 ... Found it! Cheers for that :) If you ever catch the BBC documentary Synth Britannia on YT it references Ballard (rare footage) and Anthony Burgess quite a lot on the influences of the early electronic bands of the late 70s. Dystopia rules! Also check out the two docs on Philip K Dick must see on YT.
@dcanmore Thats for sure dude!

Have you checked  Ballard's vid here on YT....its a must watch.
@dcanmore If that's what the book is about, then I suppose I should thank the director of this garbage for keeping me disappointed for only an hour and a half as opposed to the time it would take to suffer its entire novel form.
Here's a movie I restlessly stumbled upon at 2 in the morning, and when it finished, I understood its designated time slot. Crash is ridiculous in every way. A destitute plot. Laughably outlandish. If the mannequins they chose to act in this film showed half as much emotion as they do skin, the audience may have an interrupted yawn or two. The movie spins its wheels as much as a movie about cars can. Summary: Undeveloped characters repeatedly crash cars and have disconnected sex in the wreckage.
@meanbrew ... I take it you've never read the excellent novel from which this movie is made from?
@Peaceandlove787 i scrolled excessively to read your post & it was worth it!
@Peaceandlove787 THEY SOULD REPORT YOU FOR BEING DUMB and stupid... u had 3 movies with this title... think... first.. report with no reason later... the poor teacher probably loose his job cause you are stupid and not able to read the dvd cover
It's about SnM. Except the masochism comes from the sadist.

@Nanpiper the arousal people get from being in car crashes. It's a movie about being sexual empowered with a force in nature that you can control. Destruction!
@ciyoduhkriter what dying?
@corinne1990 this one is way better!
@Trustworthyalma too right!i wouldn't mind a bit of him!
@Peaceandlove787 Maybe youre class should teach a unit on reading the descriptions on the backs of movies instead
what the fuck, people dying while having sex in cars?
i was acually looking for this... wtf is going on with everyone else? lol
@Peaceandlove787 LOL..u made that up didnt u :D..if its true then thats true comedy material..lolzz..omg !!! :P
what the hell is this movie about?
@Peaceandlove787  FAIL
James Spader is so hot
Best Trailer Ever.
This is the better Crash.
what is the name of the song playing from 1:10 to the end?
This movie is so hot, I can masturbate to the sound track.
@brindyboo True Story, I worked in a video store and I actually cleared that one up. We had Crash on VHS and Crash (The Bullock one) on DVD. No one could ever find Crash on DVD (That's the James Spader one here), and needless to say, I cleared the discrepancy. But still, it was pretty awesome to figure that all out.
looks like its about sex and crashing.
"You comin'?" I just did, Casey Jones. TYVM
@totaLybeetLeJuice whats not to understand?
this film is absolute shit, one of the worst and stupidest films ever made
this movie is so awesome!!!  i turned on many times!!
@Peaceandlove787 Don't worry, I appreciate your troll
@Peaceandlove787 lol, pwnt.
@Peaceandlove787 lololololololol!!!
@Peaceandlove787 that's hilarious! wrong movie
@Peaceandlove787  you're an idiot.
Cool movie. The novel is even better. If you haven't read it yet ... do so!
Cool movie. The novel is even better. If you haven't read it yet ... do so!
this very stupid move james spader talk about himself that he is a GAY
@Recycleplease27 ok Thank you very much. I appreciate you actually responding and not being rude like others. =)
@M80sgirl -- Can't describe it. Track it down and watch it for yourself.
@CitySkin09 Uncomfortable? Um if you don't mind my asking...how?
@M80sgirl -- It's more of everything. It is David Cronenberg's vision fully unleashed. There are some pretty uncomfortable scenes that come up in it.
@CitySkin09 Is it that much better? Or is it just more sex?
How many indie films are named 'Crash'?
@M80sgirl -- Yeah. There's a regular R-rated version and an NC-17 version. Got to go with the NC-17 version.
@Recycleplease27 haha Thanks. Would you say it's worth my time to watch?
@CitySkin09 there's more than one version?
looking how trashy this trailer looks, and seeing how the movie is really, I can only say one thing (and hope someone get it): cronenberg is what shitty tarantino dreams to be, in his most hallucinatory wet dreams.
NC-17 version all the car-fucking way!!!
A bizarre movie with an equally bizarre score.  This trailer is inappropriately using "action" music.
@M80sgirl  is a "psychological trama" movie... is a very good film, you have to watch it
@cinephilefromhell I like it very much I think its great.
@pervychika666 Yeah I did NOT get horny either but there is a similarity. Think about it. Have you ever had a really hard great feeling orgasm? It rocks your world like a car crash! LOL No I understand what your saying. I dont get hard over a car crash but some people apparently do...
This movie just looks like its full of sex and cars? Is that it or is there any substance to the film?
@RWDtech Just what I was thinking
@mr0glass bloody hope so
what a dumb looking movie
@cinephilefromhell FEAR!
@HCBSUCKS WTF??? I've been in an accident car, well I was in a bus whose tire exploded and lose control and I was too fucking scared to get horny, all in my mind was "oh god please don't let me die!!!"
@rahmani15 hahaha  I also saw Crash (2004) in  a class too, I think the Cronenberg 's Crash would be too outrageous to watch in a class
Legendary canadian movie,ellen page is missing
Looks there are hot whores in this movie
"Love in the dying moments of any century"

Cronenberg movies don't age, they are timeless.
this has to cronenberg's most confusing film. not confusing as in plot (car fetishers ) but in terms of liking it or not. lol. i have never met anyone who enjoyed this filom but i certainly do like it. it's very well exectuted but it's just so harsh and  so true that it's hard to see as real. i like it but i can see why a vast majority don't.
@Molsita i love his movies especially naked lunch. He was really the only person who could have directed that movie.
I've never been to see a movie before where people had left the cinema until I saw this. Wish I had done so too.
Ima go steal the book from Barnes & Noble! Be right back!
extraños placeres
way better than that new crash movie, croenenberg should've fought for the title
As a teen i just watched it for the erotic themes, but as I watched it again all together like a movie it is very well done, disturbing but intriguing at the same time.

Very good cast, and I loved Deborah Unger and Holly Hunter.

Good film!
I dig the Front Line Assembly soundtrack in this vid.
ballard + cronenberg = THE BEST!
oh, I agree with u... I haven't seen this film but I think I should do it... it's sounds handsome...
i love how this film is about a fetish for car crashes. not that i have one, but it's something you wouldn't expect in another movie... not like nowadays, where the movie plot is sooo boring and unoriginal. and some are just weird... this movie is great and plus jame spader's in it :D
1042555 490 53 0 151
Trailer for David Cronenberg's Crash (1996).
PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::598
I started watching this when i was 5years old now i am 13 trying to make my dreams come true like selena she is the best person this is one of my favorite songs form her is dream of you.
Jennifer is the best porfromer that plays selena
i love the  movie
this movie is so cheesy potatoes, it sucks
me and my mom can sing like her
Yolanda you fucking bitch
20 years ago today, the Queen of Tejano, Selena Quintanilla (later Selena Quintanilla Perez when she got married), was murdered.  Doesn't it seem like yesterday?
B.S.   nothing but a febreze commercial...
This makes me cry every time!!
saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
This film features, by far, Jennifer Lopez's best performance.
Movie was so sad
never trust fat people
i love this film <3

The 90s when music was still meaning and video games were still awesome
Rip Selena.18 years ago today :(
Estou correndo atraz do mesmo sonho que a Selena correu. Sei que jamais conseguirei chegar nem aus dedinhos dela em sucesso , mas tambem Peço a Deus que au me chamar pra perto dele, que tenha piedade e nao me chame da forma que chamou a Selena, que apesar de nao ter visto pessoalmente, eu tambem a amo juntamente com todos seus milhoes de fans. Obs: ela nao morreu. Apenas nasceu em um mundo sem violencia, e porem melhor. Bjos a todos.
Selena pra todos quanto a mim, ela tambem nao morreu.... Pois viveras pra sempre em nosos coraçoes. Ela apenas nasceu em um lugar bem melhor que aqui no mundo em que vivemos. Deus esta com ela, e desejo forças pra mafilia e todos seus fans,,, assim como eu.
I come from the streets.LOL!
Love selena forever and ever.
love this movie watched it because jlo was in it and i didn't know who selena was but after watching this i looked up videos of her and i love her music her voice r.i.p selena
I want to watch this movie. She is so great. I didn't know her. Just the songs I am hearing, I didn't know that that singer was dead already. I want to watch this movie. I want to see how beautiful her life was. I kind of wish she is still alive and making more music in this generation. I can imagine her being so famous these days. Too bad she died 7 days after I was born.:(( You did great Selena!
This is still the saddest movie I've ever seen. :'(
love 1:09. JLO is beautiful too.
I love your movie so much!!!!
I cry everytime I watch this movie.

when I saw this movie it was such amazing story.

and at the end of the movie I started to cry us well.

mkp
I'm 19  now and I think I saw this movie when I was like maybe 6? I cried like a baby, great movie....R.I.P
Love the movie.
on the radio by donna summer
She was shot to death by the president of her fan club.
how did she die?
Oh it's part of Selena's disco medley that she sang at the Houston astrodome in 1995. She really had a beautiful voice. Someone would be stupid if they didn't think so.
what's the name of the song at 0:41-0:58? I've been looking for that
How can someone make a second Selena movie if she died in the first? But I love her music so much. She is beautiful. Te quiero mucho Selena -3 may you RIP
R.I.P selena you will always be rememered...DIE YOLANDA!!!
Oh cool I am her 3rd cuz it's a sham what had happened to her I never even got to meet her but I know she was a very beautiful and talented woman. I am a pretty good singer if i do say so myself. Not as good as her though and I don't know Spanish :(
I am related to selena
@milletmonstar... I agree with every word you wrote .... I fell in love with selena after watchin th movie... Loved her songs listened to her music everyday since then .. It's so sad that's she passed away, beautiful singer, beautiful voice r.i.p selena we love you
Yolanda stole money fron Selena by forging cheques. The family trusted Yolanda and she abused that trust, and ultimately took Selena's life. She was living a life through Selena, she embezelled over $100,000 from the family business. Yolanda reminds me of John Lennon's murderer.
His name is Chris Perez.
The song's name is "dreaming of you" by Selena Quintanilla-Perez.
Throughout this week our Spanish class saw this movie.. I cried in the end. :"(
they should make another movie
You guys know that thats not Jlo singing in the movie shes lip singing to Selenas Songs in the movie and im so happy they did that they really made this movie all about Selena by doing that
awwh:'( such a good movie.
I think her husband's name was Jose.
Fuck tht bitch Yolanda hope she gets fuked in the ass by a lesbian whore.... ooops did I say that outloud.
Jennifer Lopez looks just like Selena... they did a great job with this cast they all look similar to the actual people i real life
To all the fans of selena i luv you guys and i am so sorry for her family. If she wouldnt of lost all that blood she wouldve not of died and could of been alive and been in her 40s. God Blessue to selena and her family and everyone that loved her. If you seen the statue of selena at chorpus christi that makes me cry. Ilove dreaming of you
Why did that lady kill her...she's innocent!! -3 rip Selena
its so damn unfair what happend to her!!!!!
i miss her so much

"anything for selenas"
when will i wake up from this nightmare for yolanda she will never wake for goodness i can still be happy cuz selennas in a good place but were yolandas heading i dont think she will ever wake up ever again to see the light of peace  if only there wasnt people in the world like that but i wont cry anymore cuz when selena  looks down at us crying shes saying dont cry im in your heart and with you even when you dont see me and sure when i think that i cry cuz its hard to say goodbye-RIP selena :'(
@SitchuDown808 can't forget mister Marley :)
Selena was so talented & wonderful, loving and nice to her fans. She treated them like they were her friends and despite her father's disaproval of her & Chris at the beginning, I love how close the Quantanilla family was. Selena & Chris got so lttile time together. All because of that woman. She's one of the most hated people on earth & she should be. Selena did nothing to her but help her. I feel for Chris & her family, but at least I'm glad she wasn't pregnant when she died. R.I.P Selena.
@jazsamsil Dreaming Of You by Selena. She recorded it shortly before she died, it was supposed to be on her debut album in English.
Like the La Bamba trailer.
@milletmonstar u probably would have still heard of her bcuz if she hadnt died she would have probably become famous all over the world. maybe not as big as michael jackson but pretty close. she would have made english albums 2. its awesome that she still reached u even all the way in australia though.
@jazsamsil Dreaming of You
What is the name of the song at the end?
The trailer for this movie wasn't that good, but the movie was AMAZINGGG. It was such a sad movie full of inspiration. The good always go, but will never be forgotten <3
Jennifer Lopez played her part amazingly.
We watch this in spanish and we stoped it once she got married and today was my last day of spanish so maby they will have it on net flix
As talented as a person as selena was I have to say this movie was the most god awful thing i've ever seen in my life. Why?

1) Acting: When will people realize Jlo is a terrible actress? Her performence in this flick was an insult to all that is acting.

2) Plot holes: More than I can count, hell why was selenas mom upset with the resturant ordeal?

3) Acting: Everybody elses acting sucked just as much as Jlo's did.



1/10 Id rather watch porn with stories than this pile of garbage >:(
@klarebear721 Actually,yolanda might not stay in there that long. they said that she might have parole.Im not defending her of course because what she did changed the world...forever. and not only that,she took away the life of a beautiful,lively,talented,gifted,lovely girl. R.IP. Selena. No one can eva take ya place. not even that girl,selena gomez.she's good but not a SUPERSTAR like u!


well when I was looking for Selenas's movie I only saw Selena Gomez videos . Selenas's story is really sad ;(
It's so sad that when you search for 'Selena' on Youtube hoping to get videos of Selena Quintanilla-Perez, most of the videos are of Selena Gomez.
this movie is really touching. i am impressed by J.Lo's performance~
To the fuck head that said j-ho is prettier than Selena, go fuck yourself!!! How dare you!! Jennifer is a ugly bitch!! Ho cant even sing and she's a singer!!!!!
@ItsFlapJack no i haven't Whats that book called? do you know?

@SkaterFreak98  Everyone misses her. Honestly their was no way of her surviving I recreated her shooting for a film project ..I had the plastic bullet holes front & back and they put on the fake blood & it hit me she must of really been hurt emotionally and physically no deserves to go threw what she did :( . Have you heard about the book a physic released of her she contacted her after her death and she said "She has forgiven Yolanda and she has moved on but still remains hurt of her betrayal"
@ItsFlapJack it really sucks that she died. :(( i miss her!!!
i bet god gets pissed when people get to heaven and they're like  "God?! Omg Is this heaven? i cant believe thi... OMFG ITS SELENA!!!!!"
@SkaterFreak98  yeah that the artery ! They stated that in the famous crime scene episode of Selena .
If it hit her a little higher or lower she would of survived they said.
@ItsFlapJack it went through her Brachial artery i think.
God, How Much I Miss Selena.
d'aww, THIS IS SHAY MITCHELL'S FAVOURITE MOVIE. so I thought I'd watch the trailer atleast.
@ItsFlapJack No I looked it up and it said the gunshot damaged her heart,lung and numerous arteries.




@riachelsea   no it only damaged the artery the pumps the blood I forgot the name but that was the cause of death while she ran her blood literally was pumping out of her...She lost I believe a mile of blood
@ItsFlapJack  okay well thanks anyway.
@ItsFlapJack But the gunshot damaged her heart,lung and numerous arteries.
@sixchickflicks  I turn 16 tomorrow ^.^  everyone wished she was still her but everything happened for a reason and god wanted his Angel back shes probably singing for god's angels :D NO need to thank me for the video I didn't upload it .... jgarc07 did ^.^
@ItsFlapJack

i barely turned 15 2day born in '96 after her death.thanks for the video.shes really good.i wish i had seen her in life though.i only have the movie now :((
@riachelsea They couldn't do anything becuase she was running they were in shock like Selena ..If she survived she wouldn't be brain dead the bullet only hit the artery that pumps your blood if she survived she would of lived how she was before they also say that it broke her collar bone :( im not sure if its true but if it  did and she survived she would probably need therapy to help her regain her hand motion.
@ItsFlapJack There was like 2 or 3 people who saw Selena & they didn't do anything!! They didn't try to help her or anything. Also,I read that if Selena would have survived she would've been brain dead or something like that.
@sixchickflicks  Watch this video of her she sounds better LIVE than on her cd's in my opinion its almost the same but she sings it with more emotions :D

watch?v=LbzEgfCwzJU&feature=related
@sixchickflicks  Its close by not really have you ever seen her?? Shes way more prettier than Jlo search her up :D
@riachelsea  if she didn't run her blood wouldn't of pumped out of her chest  becuase when a person runs your blood starts pumping more you ever noticed if you run a mile without stopping you can feel your blood pumping hard. If someone was near by and took her in inside their room and helped stop the bleeding and called 911 she would of survived but no one was near by to help her she had to run to the motel lobby for help.But it is what it is shes gone and theirs nothing we could do about it :(
@ItsFlapJack Even if Selena didn't run she still would've died because she died of blood lost. Her heart literally pumped the blood at through her chest. Either way Selena would've died. If the bullet would've been a centimeter higher or lower than should've survived but because the bullet went through her artery that lead her to bleed death.
@riachelsea  Abraham said he never fully trusted her they would argue and when he found out she was writing bad checks and stealing money he got furious and told Selena never see her again she is not a friend shes a criminal...Yolanda says she bought the gun for her safety she was afraid that Abraham was gonna hurt her but her plan was to kill his daughter to emotionally hurt Abraham. If Selena never ran she would of survived but if she didn't run Yolanda would of shot her a second time sucks :(
@ItsFlapJack That's not exactly true because Chris even said that there was a time where everyone did trust Yolanda and Abraham said that he has videos of Yolanda over at their house eating and everything. Abraham started not to like Yolanda in early '95 when he started getting letters from fans about the fan club & when he found out about Yolanda stealing money and everything.
did selena look like that in real life???
@ariesflame85 ..No Yolanda did not kill Selena becuase she got fired...Yolanda and Abraham never got along they always fought and Abraham found out she was stealing money from the fan club and he fired her. Yalonda was mad so he got back at him by taking the one thing in his life that he loved, His daughter she was cold blooded and didn't care who she hurt all she cared about was making money off of them.
@Bratzilla1993 Yup, yup. Deleted scenes.
@moviefreaki It's a song called, "On the Radio" by the famous Donna Summer, one of Selena's favorite singers. She sang a small portion of it in her disco medley sequence. Quite fantastic. :)
@anivalv02 1:36 and 1:56.
@elishot Her brother got their bus stuck on the side of the road. One of her band members tried to stop a truck for help, but failed epically. So Suzette, her sister, got Selena to "show 'em" how it's done. That's what she was doing. Another part of that scene was the clip of the two "Homies" in their car going, "It IS Selenas!"
429557 830 27 0 167
Trailer of the movie Selena. The true story of Selena Quintanilla-Perez, a Texas born tejano singer who rose from cult status to performing at the Astrodome, as well as having chart topping albums on the Latin music charts.
PT2M21S
sd
MovieID::::599
Creator Savior Lord God JESUS CHRIST.
i knew people in brooklyn who sent money to the ira in the 70s..
In 1992 Harrison Ford played an Irish-American who would have had no qualms killing Rory.
what the fuuuck brad pitt just kissed a dude
0:18 is she fuck lol!!
Did Brad Pitt take accent lessons from Dick Van Dyke?
same music as the rock
i find it hard to believe how movies that take actual brains to creat and produce get so little views, but a guy screaming BEDERAP!!! whilst playing games badly gets like 4 million in 1 hour. crazy
Why is Brad Pitt talking Japanese?
There are reports that Russian Internet mail-order-brides are transferring materials for the IRA under the protection of American sponsors who are Republicanism sympathizers, which is perhaps why the NSA is talking about the profitability of monitoring more and more 'kinds' of Internet communications.  It's like the days of TR all over again!
I'd read a book about Belfast issues in college, and this movie does a good job in presenting social ideas about the complications of 'splinter cells' forming and creating 'bread-breaking' problems.
Some of this footage wasn't even in the movie.
fuck the brits fuck england, long life to free peoples
from a chilean basque to my irish brothers.
His Irish accent is brilliant. Bailed it.
A must see film, Really great, accents is well done and probably hard to do, could use a little work. Movie is rated about a 7 out of 10.  Two thumbs up!  A keeper!
I'm sure they did, But Irish tribes sure as hell didn't occupy and colonise england, enslave its people, take its resources, or butcher and kill thousands of english citizens over the course of 900 years.
It was a historical inevitability that countries would invade others.  Irish tribes invaded Britain as well.
yes unfortunately the british are still in the north. This comment chain started months ago and I meant that if what 900 years ago no british troops came to Ireland and occupied the country then no one would have senselessly died  from an unnecessary occupation. Not the irish civilians, not the british troops, no one. We'd all be much happier.

Read my comment again and you'll find I said no such thing. You wrote that the British were the source of the conflict. I wrote that the British were still there but the conflict had ended. If the source of the conflict was the British then only British withdrawal would solve the conflict.  British withdrawal has not happened yet the conflict has ended. Thus your argument has been undermined!
So what you're saying is because theres no major conflict anymore it makes the deaths of thousands and thousands of irish people all throughout british occupation okay? yeah good man, good man
Fighting against one of the worlds most developed nations with one of the best human rights records in the world. A nation which is merely attempting to protect the self-determinative rights of a protestant population (admittedly poorly) and fighting against a totalitarian regime, a regime that invaded your country and a regimev which commits genoicide against the populace and summarily executes the resistance fighters without trial. Yeah sure sounds the same.
Well the British are still in NI and the conflict has stopped. That kind of demolishes your argument!
how come the last seconds of the music sound like the main theme from the rock?!?!
The money Pitt and Ford were paid for this could have helped the irish people and had more of an affect than this film.
Oh and the welsh are a mixture of celt english and celt irish to form the Welsh people.
What? Ireland is part of the British Isles, scots come from Ireland, numerous tribes in the east of Ireland emigrated there from wales, england and scotland. Britain is celtic and germanic. Ireland is celtic.

They are two lands tied together by elements of a common culture. Past English aggression caused some hate but the majority of those who live in Northern Ireland are pro-Union anyway....since they realise there is more to life than nationalism. Its culture
aren't the british foreign to Ireland?

"foreign" good one
Who? the IRA?  How do you know what you would do if your country was under foreign invasion?
I hate the ending of this movie.  All of my favorite movies are either brad pitt or kevin Costner movies.  Real heart and soul.  As for portraying a terrorist organization.  Who are you talking about?  The IRA?  It would be difficult to know how one wold react if your country was occupied by foreign invaders.
An accurate portray of Catholic savagery which prevails in Northern Ireland today. Excellent performance by Ford*
glorifying a terrorist organisation...coooool
I wasnt going all grammar nazi, just stating that the way you put the sentence was wrong not the actual spelling of it. Can't blame them? seriously of course you can no excuse be it 1000 years ago or 15 years ago justifies invasion of a much smaller country with the intent to claim their resources? if they really needed to expand why nit invade france they are closer with more resources? oh yeah we are dirty fucking cowards who chose to attack smaller weaker nations.
Don't go all grammar nazi on me now ok ;) Still this was an age where conquering countires was normal and certainly you can't blame them for doing so because Ireland would have done the same to britts if they would've been strong enough.
Ireland was taken by Britain for about 700 years before their full independence in 1932. There was some anti British feeling in Ireland for years mainly during and after the plantations. Extreme fanatics were a minority in Ireland that grew mainly after 1916. This was cos after the Easter rising all the leaders were executed and this was very harsh treatment and caused an upsurge of hatred for British people. When the British realised how unpopular martial law was they stopped it.
WOW. Look up a movie trailer and you're all arguing over Irish history well not all is arguments but most.
"got" is the wrong way of putting it. More like occupied the country and oppresed its people for hundreds of years before thankfully being kicked out of most of the country in the 1920s. It was never theirs in the first place to get

Wow, I do hope that you know that GB got Ireland hundreds of years ago. I mean really have you ever taken a history class?
So it seems that Ford and Pitt are screwing the same chick in this movie right?
Who's been teaching you a botched history lesson, eh?
No there's a difference between imigrating for what ever reason you have and invading another country. The British invaded Ireland hundreds of years ago ,they didnt imigrate here to work and live of goverment benifits they stole irish peoples land.Every country has people imigrating to and from it theres nothing wrong with that. I'm not saying that people in the north should move to the uk mainland if Ireland was united again all i'm saying is that the north and south should be one country.
British occupiers shouldnt have been in Ireland in the first place. That is the source of this entire conflict. If the british hadn't invaded
here in Ireland there would never have been a need for the IRA or their methods.
ryan wishcamper
It's safe to say that after this and Mickey The Pikey, that Brad Pitt cannot do British nor Irish accents very well, yet, he manages to entertain.
The music in the end of the trailer sounds like its from The Rock...
1:44 I watched the entire movie I don't remember seeing Frankie and Margaret in bed
so what your saying is "Its their fault". Id like to believe that, ya know but im an anthropologist, i study human behavior and i know geography. In this instance i will say it could have been handled better by both parties. What about Catalan leaving Spain, or Scotland leaving the UK? Things don't stay dead forever, the culture and traditions don't always die. Sometimes you have to make amends as im sure the IRA must in the end. But maybe down the road the Irish will unite in peace and harmony.
Well in this i disagree again, there was widespread support for the IRA during the early 1900's as the Black and Tans (some of whom were Irish, but most of who just came back from WWI) were persecuting the civilians. The thing i like to look at with the IRA is their goal, their problem was the method to getting at it. HOWEVER if you exclude every instance in which the British govt was cruel and inhumane to the Irish then you have become another example of the patriotism gone awry. Bloody Sunday.
I also understand about the troops being there the peace needed to be kept, but understand this there is too much hostility. What it comes down to is a need for civil organization and cooperation, im just saying that when the British govt wouldn't listen because of their religious affiliation the people acted. That is what the IRA did. Again no excuses for the murder of civilians and all deaths are tragedies, but then so were the genocides as previously shown.
I understand that, and i understand that they want to be British as is their right, but you have to understand that it is an island called Ireland. NOT britain. If there are religious differences that need to be resolved let the people decide. I just feel wary about the influence that British govt has on the Irish in the North. AND i find more data supporting a united Ireland in the future rather than a united Britain. 2014 Scotland maybe free. Btw i love the english and welsh, scots and irish
le and not subject to the racist nature of their sometimes intolerant govt. Now have the IRA done horrible shit? Yes. But there WERE troops in IRELAND. As that is the country's name! Let the Irish sort it out, its not britains ITS THEIRS! And btw anti protestant laws usually occurred in Germany and France not in Ireland btw. The British allowed the potatoe famine to occur because they kept the ports open. Thousand more died bc they were catholic and don't tell me they didn't.
i remember something a family member told me about Irish and Nazis and Churchill, see the irish were starting to support the germans and the English found out and called it a disgrace and horrible affront to liberty, but the Irish said "we would do anything to get back the millions and get justice for the live we've lost" honestly can you blame the irish for being sore at the English GOVT. Thats where the blame is put as it rightly should be. I have no issue with the people as they are just peop
is the nearest thing on paper in the English domestic record, to a program of state-sanctioned and systematic ethnic cleansing of another people. The fact that it did not include 'total' genocide in its remit, or that it failed to put into practice the vast majority of its proposed expulsions, however, says less about the lethal determination of the English and more about the political, structural and financial weakness of the early modern English state."
Mark Levene, 2005, Genocide in the Age of the Nation-State, I.B. Tauris: London: "[The Act of Settlement of Ireland]
"Faced with the prospect of an Irish alliance with Charles II, Cromwell carried out a series of massacres to subdue the Irish. Then, once Cromwell had returned to England, the English Commissary, General Henry Ireton, adopted a deliberate policy of crop burning and starvation, which was responsible for the majority of an estimated 600,000 deaths out of a total Irish population of 1,400,000."

^ The curse of Cromwell, BBC
^ List of persons who suffered losses in the Rebellion of 1798. Holdings are at the Nat'l Library of Ireland, Dublin
Nicholas Canny, Origins of Empire, The Oxford History of the British Empire.
Check out this source as well.
The paper concludes that fertility rates were declining during the period 1821–1845 and that the effects of the Famine were especially severe on the very young and the very old. Ignoring deaths among emigrants, it is estimated that one million individuals perished as a result of the Famine. The analysis permits year-by-year reconstruction of the Irish population age structure for the period 1821–1851.
This paper estimates mortality and fertility rates prevailing in Ireland during the 25-year period before the Great Irish Famine of 1845–1849. A technique is developed to estimate the age-specific mortality level during the Famine and the number of Famine-related deaths.
Demography (official journal of the Population Association of America), Vol. 23, No. 4 (Nov., 1986), pp. 543–562. Fertility Trends, Excess Mortality, and the Great Irish Famine – Phelim P. Boyle, Cormac O Grada.

oh right and the anti catholic laws and the Irish Potato Famine. Ireland has been under the subjugation of another nation for over 600 years and only when they stood up for themselves did they gain independence. Listen i understand why you feel the IRA is a terrorist organization and that is fair, but let me ask you something if Britain left them alone soldiers and all what would happen. Oh wait that is what has happened and there has been peace, and I respect the British but the Irish = Awesome
I was talking about the old IRA, and the English have just as much blood on their hands. In this conflict many are to BLAME. BUT i do not condone terrorism, unless your talking about guerrilla tactics from the old days not the use of mines which can be terrible for all. I am an Irish American i can trace myself back through both families and my grandma was 100% Irish. So maybe i like the IRA of the old and maybe i would love to see 1 whole ireland, and if you don't like it you can Póg ma Thoin!
Your a stupid man Mr Burke
nah i try to live for an optimistic future
stop living in the past

My great Grandfather was in the IRA, it was a tragedy and continues to be the treatment of the irish by their neighbors. I wish them good luck and God speed "Thar Toinn Do Rainig Chughainn" GOD BLESS THE REPUBLIC!!!
Go watch the wind that shakes the barley
I would really have preferred that this film wasn't made in the first place, it only appeals to stupid people who buy into commercialism so easily.
...good thriller
This was a shit movie, it was a Hollywood exploitation of 30 awful years that my country had to endure, with no substance or history behind it whatsoever.
what you bloody bastards call "terrorism " is a true national liberation fight !
Now in Europe the liberation of occupied territories starts !
IRA will always be an example for  europeanPATRIOTS
Liam Neeson starred in the brilliant film about Michael Collins. The film has the same name ;P
Why don't they cast actual Irish actors like Liam Neeson and Cillian Murphy??
Ha, you are a joke. You think that the nations in the EU have any sort of national sovereignty?

"Their own sort of union that will support each other defensively and financially". LAUGH, you mean like the United Kingdom?? Some fenian you are.
By "very religious" you must mean "very catholic".... the catholic papacy being the force behind the European Union, the Irish are going to be brought into the EU whether they like it or not, kind of ironic how they spent so much time opposing Britain but their nationalism is going to be destroyed by mainland Europe and its pope. If the Celtic nations really wanted independence they would ally together against mainland Europe.
Satan the adversary and his disciples, the world empire of corruption. The jesuits and their illuminati.
Yes, Ireland is ugly and lost, so I want to help them. My blood brethren must be brought to the truth instead of being constantly molestated, abused and used by the devil. Did the Holy Prophets not speak of the wickedness and sorrow of Israel, wishing that through exposing their sin they could bring them back to God and thus save them?
Perhaps it is because I am not an idiot and I know the history. The Irish have always been more then willing to make themselves idiotic pawns of the papacy, it truely is sad, I want to help the Irish people so I tell them the truth.
Its beautiful? Laugh, if you like places that always have dark clouds over them, looks disgusting, find me a picture of Ireland where it doesnt look like it is about to rain. The most prosperous part of Ireland was Protestant Ulster but the catholics had to go ruin that long ago because they were jealous.
Because Ireland was a shithole.
Actually I am an Irish-American.
How is Ulster "your country"? Did it ever occur to you that the Ulster Scots have lived there for 500 years and that the majority of the citizens in Ulster dont want to be a part of the Irish Republic?
Awesome movie guys trust me give it a go
@WorshipInTruth Us? Greedy? You're the ones who came to Ireland and took it all for yourselves, dipshit.
the accents arent that bad hahahahahaha cant stop laughing!
@WorshipInTruth i wasnt aware monaghan cavan and donegal were part of the UK now
@keveydaking  Ulster is Protestant, Ulster is British, the taigs have the rest of Ireland. Dont be greedy.
@WorshipInTruth ulster is a province. Last time i checked cavan, monaghan and donegal werent british
@aidenmccloskey  You do realize that Roger Ebert is a die hard papist who hates Protestants right?? You are Ebert are both IRA lovers.
Who is to say that Ulster is to be under the dominion of the fenians? Why are the Northern Protestants not allowed self determination in yours eyes?? Ulster is a nation of its own.
@aidenmccloskey Of course you are.... and a supporter of terrorist organizations I see. And of course that is the only reason you had any conflict with the film, because it portrayed the IRA as being anything more malevolent than a fluffy bunny.
@aidenmccloskey   Guaranteed I know more about the troubles than yourself, and chances are that you are a braindead fenian. I win.
@aidenmccloskey  "they should be able to impersonate an irish accent with precision" ummm noo, you think somebody can properly learn an accent in a few months? You are an idiot. In what ways was the movie not accurate??
@aidenmccloskey   First of all it is an American film with American actors. Second of all, it isnt meant to be a political film....
@SkunkyAngry  Actually in this movie he was suppose to be Irish and his role was IRA soldier
@depeche609 If you think Valkyrie was a terrible movie just because they didn't use accents, you're pretty shallow when it comes to movies.
@EjvindDark Yes, his terrible Northern Irish accent is balanced out by his pikey accent in Snatch.
didnt harrson shoot another ira member in another movie? lol
brad pitt and harrison ford <3
365487 223 25 0 148
Harrison Ford and Brad Pitt star in this harrowing thriller about an IRA gunman who draws an American family into the crossfire of terrorism. Frankie McGuire (Pitt) is one of the IRA's deadliest assassins. But when he is sent to the U.S. to buy weapons, Frankie is housed with the family of Tom O'Meara (Ford), a New York cop who knows nothing about Frankie's real identity. Their surprising friendship, and Tom's growing suspicions, forces Frankie to choose between the promise of peace or a lifetime of murder.
PT2M22S
sd
MovieID::::600
Halle Berry and the director of this movie brought me here from twitter
Best movie ever!
this trailer does not do this movie justice. it's really absurd and just forces you to laugh.  if you laugh harder at cohen brothers "films" than you laugh at this movie then you must be way too worried about what other people think of you.
This move copied the fat boys movie disorderlies , which was awesome. I saw this movie and it was horrid.....what disorderlies.
Oh for God's balls...this is beyond atrocious...
this movie was funny as hell. I barely remember any of it because I watched it when I was young, but it was excellent!
Yessss Halle berry
Luv this movie!
I just saw this movie for the very first time with my mom. Why did I miss such a great movie? I loved it.
This movie performed perfectly.. its funny also, good work
Please tell me whose house it was in real life!!!
LIVING LARGE AND TAKING CHARGE BIG BOOOOOOOOOY
This is a good fun movie and it never seems to get the recognition it deserved, underrate & flop at the box office! This movie seems to parallel another movie called, Disorderlies (1987) with then, The Fat Boys (Trio, Rappers of the 1980's). Then again both movies are based on the same principles or plot. A nephew of a billionaire uncle hires unqualified minorities to care for his ailing uncle, so he can expect bad medical care to his ailing uncle to pass away and leave the estate to him.
This movie is hilarious and heartbreaking. An underrated gem. :)
awwhhh...i cried on this movie...so sad
I didn't know Storm used to work in a hair salon in Decatur.
Watching it right now!!
LIVEN LARGE AND TAKEN CHARGE BIG BOOTY!!!
Movie funny as hell Omg
Wow... this looks like shit.  No wonder Roger Ebert called it one of the worst films of 1997.
Real good movie, it's a shame we dont have more good black movies these days.
What the Hell is on Halle's head???
ITS FUNNY BUT SAD AT THA END
DIS MY MOVIE!

OMFG! Since I was like 7. :3
i think it's on dvd now, you can check amazon.
i wish i had this movie on dvd i only have it on video lol
what is the song which play in the final part of the movie? The song that play in the restaurant.

I'm crazy about that song.
" u need to move over cause i aint got no problem sleepin on this white carpet cause i know its poodle hair" dat wuz 2 funny
lol i juss got it in the 5 doller pile at walmart too...... haha good movie!
Hi Jamel, you can find this movie in the $5 bin at Walmart. I just bought a copy two days ago. Enjoy!
This Movies Was So funny
i juse looooooove Natalie Desselle.  She is so beautiful..
someone really needs to rent this movie
please upload this movie!!!!!!!!!!!
130050 272 17 0 37
Nisi and Mickey are girlfriends who work as waitresses. To get the necessary money for opening their dream restaurant they fly to California to audition for a music video. There Nisi is asked by the nephew of Mr.Blakemore's (who is video director) to act for a week as granddaughter of Lily, Mr.Blakemores one true love, whom he lost long ago and couldn't pursue because she was his family's housekeeper. They revive Blakemore's interest for life, and he teaches them to be "Black American Princesses" in return.
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::601
I didn't realize that War Inc was a sequel.
fuck this while out heads were almost blank on the loss of sonic x completely from that wwe about that b-plus player kofi kingston over daniel bryan marine movies with john cena miz and shawn michaels 4life god damn though
What a soundtrack
What’s that song at 1:17 anyone?
I loved this movie. Great soundtrack too.
i like this movie more than High Fidelity
Crap trailer for a brilliant film
shittiest movie...crap....fuck I want my time back....fucking man calls him professional killer I mean wtf........ professional killer should be like Anton Chigurh from no country from old men ,john wick ,or Vincent from collateral this is the dumbest killer I have ever seen full of overacting....
"Steven Lardner aka Steve"
Best movie ever!!!
Did anyone else notice there were 5 different songs in this trailer ??
Because the director wasn't using cgi lol,,,Still very good and funny movie.
If you like quirky black humor, you'll probably LOVE this movie! I sure did. Not sure what the best part is, but it's probably Cusack's sister as his secretary.
I live in grosse pointe
love John Cusak
So 90s! I love it!
So, this was released in 1997, and The Matrix in 1999, so why does this film look like it was shot with a potato?
Anyone know what the song is in the last 30 seconds or so of the video?
Definitely my favorite Cusack movie.
The Trailer spoils the entire Movie.
I just finished watching this movie, and it's probably my favorite Cusack film.
I so need to get the soundtrack for this on CD.  I actually have it on cassette tape since I got it back when the movie came out!
Guntastic movie :)
Guntastic movie
back when films were good
Even the funniest jokes are in this. ALL OF THEM. Bad trailer. Bad.
Wow I feel like I just watched the entire movie!
it's common, still worth watching
Yup. Good thing I saw the movie before the trailer. Have you ever seen a movie called Double Jeapardy? Same thing. Trailer spoils the WHOLE movie
The President of Paraguay disliked this video.
Great script and cast.
i feel like i don't need to see the film now. what an awful trailer
thumbs up if u live in grosse pointe!!!!
one of my favs :D
Gah, I love 90's movies. ^,^
Ahh Jeremy piven with his witty comments lol
just watched the movie. but i have never seen the trailer... it kinda sells it as a different kind of movie, y'know?
But you just showed the whole film! >:S
Marty: "perdona si te cagué la vida"
Debi: "La vida todavía no termina"

I FREAKIN LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!I saw it for the first time on t.v. when I was 16 years old, and now that I am 25, I love it even more!!!John Cusack is an awesome actor, and Minnie Driver too.Of course I don't even need to mention Dan Aykroyd(  we know how awesome he is ;)  ).And Benny "The Jet" is a great martial artist.He sells John Cusack's moves very well, in a way that makes us believe that John Cusack really is a martial artist.Ohh and he plays the "silent killer" type, perfectly.Peace.
loved the movie, but i hate trailers like this, such a spoiler

"Its been so long I forget who gets tied up."
@bbsome He's very hot!!!!
@bbsome Whore.
@bbsome Very.
I just realized this trailer spoils the whole freaking movie :/ I mean they included scenes from the very end, what the hell?
watched 10 minutes ago, not the first time but since 5 years i think....

awesome and funny movie! :)
such a great movie!
248055 489 24 0 73
Grosse Pointe Blank Trailer
PT2M17S
sd
MovieID::::602
gotta get used to him being this way...sooo not used to his black hair...i KNOW its just a role...but interesting
3:11 the scene with the yoghurt is unbelievably bad. I love this movie :D
nope she appears for like 5 minutes
I love this scene and the one where Spader is messing with that Bradford guy at the end
@Komaleon so true... such a unique and sexy looking man
Spader still looks hot with the black hair. I'd do him, and I'd do him, again!
I do like this scene too!
27720 43 5 0 7
A scene from the movie "Keys to Tulsa" involving Eric Stoltz, James Spader, and Deborah Kara Unger. Honestly, I'm a huge Spader fan and this scene is probably my favorite from an otherwise mediocre film.
PT5M4S
sd
MovieID::::603
4612 17 0 0 2
Copyright of this video is not claimed by the retroVHStrailers channel. All rights retained by the copyright holder. The retroVHStrailers channel does not monetize this video.  This video is provided for archival purposes only. It will be removed if requested by contacting the retroVHStrailers channel.

Teaser for "Kissed (1996)" captured from the "Species II (1998)" VHS tape. This tape is labeled M906836 and released in (1998).
PT44S
sd
MovieID::::604
I thought this was a parody, reminds me of something south park would make fun of.
12158 32 2 0 1
8 Heads In A Duffle Bag Trailer 1997
Director: Tom Schulman
Starring: George Hamilton, Joe Pesci, Kristy Swanson, David Spade,  ,

Official Content From Orion Home Video



Movie, 8 Heads In A Duffle Bag Movie,8 Heads In A Duffle Bag Trailer,8 Heads In A Duffle Bag 1997, Tom Schulman,George Hamilton, Joe Pesci, Kristy Swanson, David Spade,  ,
PT54S
sd
MovieID::::605
7455 9 2 0 0
Paradise Road Trailer 1997
Director: Bruce Beresford
Starring: Frances McDormand, Glenn Close, Juliana Margulies, Pauline Collins, Cate Blanchett, Julianna Margulies

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

A group of diverse women from different countries, held prisoner by the Japanese during World War II, try to unite as a vocal orchestra to overcome the horrors of their torturous prison.

Movie, Paradise Road Movie,Paradise Road Trailer,Paradise Road 1997, Bruce Beresford,Frances McDormand, Glenn Close, Juliana Margulies, Pauline Collins, Cate Blanchett, Julianna Margulies
PT2M26S
hd
MovieID::::606
MARK WAHLBERG SO YOUNG IN THE TRAVELLER 1997 FILM AS PAT O'HARA !!!
Gallune sublick Never knew there was American travellers
There is a large community of "Gypsies" like this in South Carolina. When they're out ripping people off they have aluminum foil in the windows off their homes. The ones I knew of had a lot of dough, but they'd act poor, and they had some fine homes too.
donde consigo la pelicula para bajarla lpm
This is great.
Cushta mush.    Lell the vonger
19549 68 5 0 10
Traveller Trailer 1997
Director: Jack Green
Starring: Bill Paxton, Mark Wahlberg, Juliana Margulies, Julianna Margulies, James Gammon, Luke Askew

Official Content From Evergreen

A modern-day gypsy, who, along with his youthful protege, makes his living by scamming unsuspecting consumers, decided to make one last score on some mobster types that could turn deadly.

Movie, Traveller Movie,Traveller Trailer,Traveller 1997, Jack Green,Bill Paxton, Mark Wahlberg, Juliana Margulies, Julianna Margulies, James Gammon, Luke Askew
PT2M18S
sd
MovieID::::607
6515 12 0 0 0
A Chef In Love Trailer 1997
Director: Nana Dzhordzadze
Starring:  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment



Movie, A Chef In Love Movie,A Chef In Love Trailer,A Chef In Love 1997, Nana Dzhordzadze, ,  ,  ,  ,  ,
PT1M49S
sd
MovieID::::608
The Coast is Toast.
what music is this??
that was in cinemas 10 years ago
14556 31 1 0 4
Volcano Trailer 1997
Director: Mick Jackson
Starring: David Keith, Don Cheadle, Gaby Hoffman, Tommy Lee Jones, Anne Heche, Gaby Hoffmann

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

The coast is toast. Los Angeles becomes a raging inferno when a massive volcano suddenly errupts out of the LaBrea tar pits.

Movie, Volcano Movie,Volcano Trailer,Volcano 1997, Mick Jackson,David Keith, Don Cheadle, Gaby Hoffman, Tommy Lee Jones, Anne Heche, Gaby Hoffmann
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::609
searching  for  answers from  God   for  his  beloved  wife's  death who by the way  was already  cheating  her husband , funny  movie -liza
6269 15 3 0 1
Commandments Trailer 1997
Director: Daniel Taplitz
Starring: Aidan Quinn, Anthony LaPaglia, Courteney Cox, Louis Zorich, Courteney Cox Arquette, Pamela Gray

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment



Movie, Commandments Movie,Commandments Trailer,Commandments 1997, Daniel Taplitz,Aidan Quinn, Anthony LaPaglia, Courteney Cox, Louis Zorich, Courteney Cox Arquette, Pamela Gray
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::610
I watched this on cable as a kid. Lol
Best movie ever
I love this movie
Good movie.* No idea why it has a 3.9 on imdb, it's more like a 5.9.

*Unless you automatically don't like movies that are "disturbing and horrible," in which case try PG-13 movies.
I'm very surprised that Showtime allowed this on their viewing.
What a disturbing and horrible movie. It's the worst movie, I've ever seen. The whole plot was the worse. These two sisters--one looked like a boy. I believe she was a boy. I only forward through. Don't waste your time on this one. It's disturbing. It makes absolutely NO SENSE.  What sicko made it??
I wish this was available on Netflix, or at least free online.
17720 66 4 0 13
Ripe Trailer 1997
Director: Mo Ogrodnik
Starring: Gordon Currie, Monica Keena, Ron Brice, Vincent Laresca, Daisy Eagan, Erik Jensen

Official Content From Trimark



Movie, Ripe Movie,Ripe Trailer,Ripe 1997, Mo Ogrodnik,Gordon Currie, Monica Keena, Ron Brice, Vincent Laresca, Daisy Eagan, Erik Jensen
PT1M52S
sd
MovieID::::611
LOL, pre-Jack Bauer Kiefer
good comparison, thats hard choice....i agree w u@epicvlas
yeah,i cry ery x i  hear it. i always think of the scene.@aimpradit
the ending is fucked up
Who is the nice looking woman in 1:28?
This movie was  so great and touching. Amazing combination of Action/Crime/Drama/Thriller/Romance. Vincent Gallo, Kim Dickens, Kiefer Sutherland, Grace Phillips did a great job. The 90's were so great
iy was on the other day. try ondemand or amazon.
mininova or piratebay
OMG Kiefer is  so hot in this movie I love ittttt  totally great 5*
27629 66 3 0 11
Truth Or Consequences NM Trailer
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::612
This movie is the shit.
'Isn't that just so... bitchin.'
This looks the most 90s queer shit ever, like the film version of Placebo or something. I definitely gotta watch this.
What's the name of the song?
Classic!!! Thanks to my irresponsible parents movies like this were available during my childhood... I thank them everyday now lol
THE 90's!!!!!!!!! Whatev ;D
If you loved Doom Generation and Nowhere, then also try Liquid Sky.
this trailer is so not indicative of this movie. whatevs.
I saw this on IFC years ago at like 3 in the morning, didn't know what it was called and thought I was having a fever dream half the time. The ending alone is just a fucking head trip, but I suppose if you've seen any of Gregg Araki's films then you can easily guess what that is. I need to go back and watch this as an adult with a sober mind...after watching Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
I  need to watch this!
Gregg Araki makes some of the strangest movies but I love strange :)
Cant believe this isnt on dvd. What is wrong with the world.
I have a love hate relationship with this movie, but I couldn't help but smile to myself while watching the trailer; total 90's. They sure don't make indies like they used to :)
I Also love "Welcome to the Dollhouse"!
Isnt he Frank the bunny from Donnie Darko?

Liquid Sky meets Beverly Hills 90210
Nahhh I'll check it out though! Look up Human Traffic if you've not seen it already :)
who knows the name of the song that start at 0:20?? the techno one!
if your gay and alternative like then these films are a god send.
I watched this movie when it aired on IFC a long time ago and to this day, I REGRET that I ever watched it. I know that there are people out there who love this movie, and that's OK, I have nothing against that whatsoever. But to me, "Nowhere" SUCKS!

To quote Angry Video Game Nerd, this movie is "...so bad that Satan wouldn't accept this if you offered it with your soul!"
Agreed it is, but I did still like it.
Nowhere is brilliant to watch when baked :')
Wow, this trailer in no way encapsulates how amazing this film is! :(
Nah...nowhwere's way better...it has been 9 months, so you probably realize that by now.
They didn't mention Ryan Phillippe:(
Watched Doom Generation and Nowhere countless times as a young teenager and know all the scenes and dialogue by heart. Like a little chick I have been imprinted. A child of Gregg Araki!
someone please post this whole movie!

Can somebody tell me model of Dark's SONY camcorder? Thx.
Try SLC Punk! :)
13... 13... 13...
1:26 justin beiber fused with jhonny depp?
Love the 90s and 80s teen movies, I watched all araki films today and I watched welcome to the dollhouse again. Are those his real eyes??
...and Guiermo Diaz, Ryan Phillippe, Mina Suvari, Rose McGowen, and countless other A listers.
Haha I loved this film, and a hilarious ending, anyway.."I'm outta here"
james duval james duval james duval, marry me.
Umm...there is this movie that is directed by Gregg Araki...who also did Nowhere...anyway its 2010 not in the 90's its pritty good...kinda twisted...its called Kaboom!!! I like it but I'm demented...LOL!!! :)
I remember when it first came out on video...lol...My best friend and I were so stoned we had to rewind it and watch it again...lol....Good Times!!!
a few ones i like are...The Doom Generation, Go, Suburbia, But I'm a Cheerleader...those are some I can think of right now!!! Hope that helps!!:)
i found a pal dvd like 8 years ago on ebay
love this movie, seen it more than 12 times and i can't get tired. :)
The 90's were everything.
where is the rubber suited monstar i read adbout?????????
isnt that just so bitchin lol
This movie is pretty terrible. The direction, the cast, the tone, all awful. Particularly the main character, who struck me as keanu reeves on painkillers.
@fascismanarchy HA! I agree with you....I should know lol
@billwenham Avalyn 2 by Slowdive x
@Jauckor
no worries :D
@Jauckor
ht tp:// thepiratebay. org/torrent/ 3665928/nowhere_%5B1997_-_English_-_Gregg_Araki%5D
remove the spaces
its a torrent which means u need Utorrent to download
@ehhole 'Intravenous' by Catherine Wheel  & 'Answers Come In Dreams' by Coil :)
What's the name of the song on the trailer?
Thank God I bought this on VHS.

Where did you find this trailer?
@tylo38 Heya :)

yeah its available in Region 2 format in both the UK and France, Russia and Italy. Try searching Ebay. There are also some floating on amazon. truth be told the uk one is the better one, as its in anamorphic widescreen.
@SpookshowBabyCris

i've been trying to find this on dvd forever & haven't found it yet...do you know where i could buy it on dvd format? i just have it recorded on my tv from when logo showed it.

thanks [:
MY FAVORITE EVER MOVIE...I FOUND IT...

THANKS....AFTER 10 YEARS
I keep looking this film up its a cult classic.Terrible trailer its not the whole Fallefel.
if you want Nowhere on Region 1 i suggest everybody email Warner Bro's demanding it. If they have the demand for it, you may find you'll get it :) make sure you ask for a blu ray too :P
-punches, kicks gregg araki- i want nowhere on dvd, DAMNIT fu. -punches again-
@SpookshowBabyCris but then how would you expect us to play it since its region 2 or 4?
@ohfeverhead you can stream it legally on mubi.com, for just a couple of dollars. it depends on the country you're in, but from where I am (turkey) you can.
I love this movie because of the LIPS OF JAMES DUVAL !!! This movie is a 90' smasterpiece  the style, the crazyness, the cooliness, the anti-Beverly Hills...it´s amazing, it´s pop, it´s dark it´s amazing, it´s Araki. !!
@murdaguy that is pretty fucking badass
@bostero1 OK then where?
@fascismanarchy not really. everything now is so forbidden and dead... like the drug crazed rave scenes, and the ugly pastél coloured clothes with the "new kids on the block" fannypacks and platform shoes. you cant compare those to this. everything now is way too high tech and such. sorry dear, this was way beyond your time, which is now....
@afdba I don't know if you've noticed anything since  9 septembre but the times we live in now..ARE PRETTY FUCKING INSANE!
@ohfeverhead Actually come to South America, I got the whole Gregg Araki trilogy (Nowhere, The Doom Generation and Totally Fucked up) for 3 bucks.
Love this place!
@ohfeverhead Actually como to South America, I got the whole Gregg Araki trilogy (Nowhere, The Doom Generation and Totally Fucked up) for 3 bucks.
Love this place!
i adore this movie, and hate it at the same time. it's just that type of film.
this thing came on two times on IFC.
i love the drug crazed trash teen movies in the 90's! i miss the whole 90's! im fed up with waiting 80 years to the next one...
So short, so sad, but realistic, and I guess I could relate to it. FUckign hilarious at a lot of times, But It was cool
@ohfeverhead Well if you want it badly its readily available in the Uk, France and Australia, you could import it online :)
I remember this. It is SO effed up xD like, the people who made this was on drugs xD
I adore this film!
151524 381 17 0 77
Trailer for Gregg Araki's Nowhere.

I do not own the music or video, for educational and promotional purposes only.

enjoy :)



Visit my SOON to be completed website www.greggaraki.co.uk
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::613
7997 16 0 0 0
Losing Chase Trailer 1995
Director: Kevin Bacon
Starring: Beau Bridges, Helen Mirren, Kyra Sedgwick, Michael Yarmush, Lucas Denton,

Official Content From Evergreen

After a long absense, a woman returns home to spend the summer with her family on Martha's Vineyard. While her husband seems unable to cope with her erratic behavior, she develops a bond with a young woman hired to help with the domestic duties.

Movie, Losing Chase Movie,Losing Chase Trailer,Losing Chase 1995, Kevin Bacon,Beau Bridges, Helen Mirren, Kyra Sedgwick, Michael Yarmush, Lucas Denton,
PT1M19S
sd
MovieID::::614
7422 38 2 0 0
Sprung Trailer 1997
Director: Rusty Cundieff
Starring: Tisha Campbell, Rusty Cundieff, Joe Torry, Paula Jai Parker, John Witherspoon,

Official Content From Trimark

When a young couple fall madly, wildly, hopelessly in love, their antagonistic best friends can agree on only one thing. This crazy love thing must end!

Movie, Sprung Movie,Sprung Trailer,Sprung 1997, Rusty Cundieff,Tisha Campbell, Rusty Cundieff, Joe Torry, Paula Jai Parker, John Witherspoon,
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::615
amazing movie.
I love each and every Dardenne brothers' movie. They get into your head and your heart.
como se puede descargar este pelicula completa


This movie completely worked its way into my heart.  I could not stop thinking about it for days.  It gives true to life insight into how these people actually live.  I caught myself gasp several times and even caught myself in tears watching it.  This movie will leave an impression on anybody who has or has had a father.
66799 93 8 0 6
Trailer of 'La Promesse' ('The Promise') by Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne, 1996. English subtitles.



dardenne-brothers.com
PT1M14S
sd
MovieID::::616
trailer here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZD8p4J4Gb8
how cruel...you post the climax of the film. evil
81380 145 24 0 3
"Le Bonheur" (Agnès Varda, 1965)

Avec :

Jean-Claude Drouot (François), Claire Drouot (Thérèse), leurs enfants, Marie-France Boyer (Emilie)
PT2M3S
sd
MovieID::::617
Excellent movie! Way better than the american version.
What the....?
Couldn't believe how much I was drawn into this movie yesterday on cable. All I can say..2 thumb up!
I'd really like to the Japanese trailer with English subs. I don't know why but I feel that english audio takes away something from this movie somehow.
i just finished watching this movie! sooooooooooooooooooooooooo beautiful!!! i DLed a file i thought was the Hollywood movie but i got this instead. i didnt even know the Hollywood version was a remake. but gosh, great movie!!! ^^
i love this movie!!
ES UNA PELICULA HERMOSA!!
Totally agree with you Noren1260
You can find it on pastsecrets channel ;-)
I wish this was on yt.
I saw this in the original Japanese when I was in Japanese class a few years ago!
It was great!
48537 43 1 0 8
Trailer VHS Dansu Wo Shimasho (Shall we dance?) de Suo Masayuki (Japón, 1996)
PT1M22S
sd
MovieID::::618
So is this a prequel to the 1994 Disney version or something?
mejor película
I WANT TO DEDICATE THIS VIDEO TO ROBYN MARIE PROCTOR,,I LOOKED LIKE THIS MOWGLI  WHEN I WAS 7
THIS IS ME WHEN I WAS 7,8,& 9,,EVERYBODY CALLED MOWBLI,,,
from the opening to "The Snowman" 1996 VHS
ok so i,m guassing the scene where mowgli rides baloo was real in this movie?
me puedes pasar el link para descargarla porfa..
Shere Khan a friend? Righto lol
Jamie williams ist einfach nuhr ein Super klasse Mogli ein besseren kann mann nicht kriegen beide daumen hoch für die super Brüll einlagen einfach faszinierend
93022 143 20 0 15
The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli And Baloo Trailer 1997
Director: Duncan McLachlan
Starring: Bill Campbell, Roddy McDowall, Jaime Williams, Jamie Williams, David Paul Francis, Gulshan Grover

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Wild child Mowgli and his bear friend Baloo battle human greed when a hunter tries to cage him for the circus. Based on characters from the classic jungle tales of Rudyard Kipling.

Movie, The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli And Baloo Movie,The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli And Baloo Trailer,The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli And Baloo 1997, Duncan McLachlan,Bill Campbell, Roddy McDowall, Jaime Williams, Jamie Williams, David Paul Francis, Gulshan Grover
PT58S
sd
MovieID::::619
this movie is my current life
This is one of those roles that Mathew Brodrick is able to make so likable!!!!!!!
I like to know where the heck I was when they did this movie. I truly did not know that Meg Ryan did this movie at all. Oh well I'd be a bird's turd LOL it's a joke. But anyway I got to check this out and if I like it I'll buy it.
Matthew sounds like he's on helium
one of those movies where the romantic gestures would be seen as completely creepy in real life.
Unrealistic movie but I still love it & Broderick & Ryan had amazing chemistry!
These people are psychotic.
you are this angry because someone likes a movie?
My Heart is in place ! Right where belongs !

What about your SHYNESS, your VIRTUES ?

...or someone substituted them while you're young ?

...how pity :(
So who broke your heart?

You're stupid as your comment !



ACTUALLY-  THIS IS PROFANE SHAMELESSNESS, DIRECTLY AIMED >>>TO DESTROY MORALITY, VIRTUES and SHYNESS OF FEMALES.... SO THEY'LL NEVER THINK OF DECENT CLOTHING or... CHASTITY...AS A VIRTUES !!!



THESE SATANIC VOYEURS WHO CREATED THIS POISON (!), ARE LEARNING FROM HELL and THE SIMPLY ---> RE-CREATING THE INFERNO >>>INTO PPL's HEADS !!! DIRECTLY !!!



Such whorishness, F*** HARLOTRY...what do you think - COULD THIS BRING THE VIRTUES and HUMANITY BACK TO PPL ?!?
very funny movie' i love the 90's!
175033 299 19 0 28
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 26-31: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::620
Lel, before new labour
filmed in grimie (grimithorpe) i use to live down road from where its filmed but ive moved into barnsley centre nah though
I love the days when the trailer wasn't the whole film in 2 minutes.
You know, I was happier in them days and I had nothin'. We used to live in this tiny old house with great big holes in the roof.
The trailer doesn't do this film justice
@SuperEggfart I can really only assume you haven't watched it, or are from outside the country. There's a bit where Phil tries to commit suicide in his clown costume, and he's rushed through A&E. You see this doorway and the crash team belting along and these two foot long clown shoes sticking up in the air, it's just priceless.
ah! Tara Fitgerold
Ewan looks cute!!! =)
SPELLING FAIL 1:09
RIP Pete Posltethwaite
Amazing movie. I did this stage show last year, my little brother played Shane. It was absolutely amazing. I did the lighting for it. Miss it so much, especially now..
Watching British films I need an English-English to American-English dictionary. I probably miss a lot of nuance. Other than European Brass Band Championships and Brass in Concert DVDs, Brassed Off! is one of my most played DVDs.  To see that Frank Renton  conducted Grimethorpe in the actual Brassed Off! performance gives more meaning to this great film and gives more meaning to my EBBC and BIC DVDs.
One of the best dialogues from this film was Gloria invited Andy "up for a coffee"

Gloria "Would you like to come up for a coffee"

Andy "I don't drink coffee"

Gloria "I haven't got any"

Phew! does me everytime.
that's tara fitzgerald! I love her...
Interesting point. what's the alternative though?
what's this movie about??
You're dead right. For anyone complaining about the present Labour Government or who looks back on the Thatcher years with a sense of nostalgia, just take a look at this film and see/remember what a really bad Government can do to wreck the lives & kill the spirits of decent, hard working people, families & communities. The "poor little me" of today want to take a bloody good look too.
Really good movie, im gonna buy it a t amazon these days... or I hope so.
next best line I got a chair now
gloria mullins.....glorius tits best line in the film
Best of all its got my cousin stephen in it too
112831 136 13 0 22
Actors: Pete Postlethwaite, Tara Fitzgerald, Ewan McGregor, Stephen Tompkinson, Jim Carter

Directors: Mark Herman
PT1M19S
sd
MovieID::::621
thank  you for releasing this. inspired to view while listening to to his oral biography which was just released: highly recommend !
Scott -- not only thank you for posting this but for your touching summary.
Thank you for posting this. I am reading “Life Isn’t Everything” 150 Friends talk about Mike Nichols. Meryl Streep states that Nichols did everything he could to make sure this film was not available in the States for some reason. She also said she one particular scene of his in this so incredibly moving.
Man, it's downright unfair to ask any actor to try to speak lines realistically after Mike Nichols. With his opening speech you don't even know the play has started. When anyone else speaks it's incredibly jarring, like waking from the most immersive dream. RIP Mike Nichols.
3 yrs ago was the last comment ?  thank you scott !
this movie's target audience is like norman bates at the end of psycho: it no longer exists and only half existed to begin with.
This is such a brilliant, harrowingly moving play AND film. Thanks for sharing.
59:20...Starting to tell about the "new policies" and the scene in which they stand around the garden & then the kitchen, -  listening & waiting...chilling! This acting is superb.
RIP Mike Nichols - miss your talent. We will forever be your mourners, Mike Nichols...
Let me add my thanks too. Outstanding.
Just here for Miranda Richardson
It impresses but confounds me that such an excellent film as this can be uploaded successfully on YouTube, in mint condition and without ads, and yet other films half its caliber are squeezed,  without volume or sound courtesy Alvin and the Chipmunks.  I guess it's copyright, but if this is a rare exception, I for one am very grateful.
thanks for the film
Thank you so very much for making this available.
Thanks for posting.  There are so many great passages of dialogue in this, it makes the head spin.
Thank you very much -- so great *and* so hard to find. Best wishes to you .
Nichols' performance is one of the greatest in movies ever.
My favourite play
so damned brilliant, i'll never speak again____let alone write!
BRILLIANT!! Bravo.
Thank you SO much for posting!!
12278 82 2 0 27
In honour of Mike Nichols' life and his passing, here he is acting in the movie of Wallace Shawn's play back in 1999. A breathtakingly verbose and energetic performance that highlights a less celebrated talent of the great artist. Now WE are the designated mourners.
PT1H34M19S
sd
MovieID::::622
this is hikey my favorite thing to ever exist
tasty jumpsuit landmine
Watch
Schizopolis - its Scientology
Hey, that kid doing the voice over is me!  But I was like 9-10 at the time
whale blanket
1:50 song please???
Still one of the best film trailers ever. To a great film, Schizopolis is a huge favorite of mine.
This video now has no sound! wtf!
In mayonnaise we trust.
Inside out in his ear

Upside down in his ear

Over and over your head

Over and over your head

Open your mind to it

Close your behind to it

Changing your mind to it

Kiss it

Are you gonna get with it.

Are you gonna get with it
1:30 perfect gif material

wtf. This is how Soderbergh started? I like It.

ELMO NOOOOOOSE ARMY. xD
One person does not believe in Mayonnaise
Weird fucking movie.
"I  believe so strongly. In mayonnaise."
I BELIEVE SO STRONGLY. IN MAYONNAISE.
apparently 1 person believe so strongly in mustard rather than mayonnaise
Doubleyou Tee Eff?!
@Hrko1992

Not any more. It's on there.
@AfroPoli
Schizopolis is a fucking great movie, but Soderbergh can make a good studio "pop" film. I enjoyed "Ocean's 11." It's not classic cinema or anything but it is an entertaining heist film. Soderbergh is generally is just pretty damn awesome though.
It is totally incomprehensible how the man who made this fantastic movie went to direct stuff like Ocean's 11.



Schizopolis is SUPERB.
What a fantastic movie, those actors are amazing~!
One of the coolest movies ever made.
I'm just going to quote the trailer.
@joshuaPP00  Yes. Yes it is.
i intend to buy the film on dvd , is it really worth it ?
worst trailer ever
DVD is easily found ... it's been released by Criterion
I absolutely love this movie. But I'd love to find a DVD of it.
can some one pls upload full movie
I have seen it 79 times and I plan to continue watching it until I get it.
80888 300 5 0 42
Fletcher Munson has a doppelgänger in dentist Dr. Jeffrey Korchek. In his only starring performance to date, acclaimed director Steven Soderbergh inhabits both roles: Munson, onanistic corporate drone and speechwriter for New Age guru T. Azimuth Schwitters, and the swinging Korchek, Muzak enthusiast and lover to Munsons disenchanted wife. Meanwhile, mad exterminator and part-time celebrity prima donna Elmo Oxygen seduces local housewives in secret code and plots against Schwitters. Placing the onus squarely on the viewer (If you dont understand this film, its your fault and not ours), writer/director/editor/cameraman Soderbergh presents a deranged comedy of confused identity, doublespeak, and white-knuckled corporate intrigue, confirming his status as one of Americas most daring and unpredictable filmmakers.
PT2M16S
sd
MovieID::::623
I loved her so beautifully talent and beautiful. It’s a great movie I love it.
This film pops in my mind whenever I have too much going on with my life. I just simply repeat to myself, "I'm in a vortex", and it always lightens my mood.
This is a great movie. Love Adrienne. She was so beautiful and talented. This reminds of a female Woody allenish kind of a vibe.
She was so beautiful
What a delicious movie, the best weird pic i saw in a long long time. Loved everything of it, every aspect. So thank you a lot, Jimmy.
plays more like Indy film than Hollywood
her speaking voice so gorgeous, I wonder if she was good singer too? the tarot card reader being worried about her...life imitated stage :(
Flavor Flav mom was an extra on this movie
princess bubblegum
I'm glued to watching her much like a few other saccahrine acctresses of the 1990's, Not sure the movie was meant to be a play or have lots of meaning or waht? Regardless, she is charasmatic on screen and I watched the whole movie just to see her.  She is/was such a sweet face/voice.  Sigh, like being in love.  I'm not even sure if she was a good actress?  Sad she died in bad circumstances at 40?  Dang, just a decade older than me.... Life is so scary!  If one is paranoid people get all uptight but it is quite rationalized!  Peace and, sleeper of a movie at times, but relaxing and never annoying.   Nice theme and all that keeping with a certain tempo and pacing.... Bah bah bah bah bah end song goes!
I lasted 16 minutes. Im a NY er.. I love Manhattan backdrops...This was VILE..bye
One Great Film/One Complaint:
This counts as one of my favorite movies, ever.
The problem is the transfer!!
When I first saw this film it was on (?Sundance/IFC?) & it was
Gorgeous!! Letterboxed & color contrasts were impeccably tuned and toned.
I found the video put out by Firstrites (a dollar-bin destined arm of Hollywood Video) release of this on video & was devastated by the pan and not even bothering to scan crap release they were satisfied to afford us. To them, I send a silent curse. Characters are off screen. Some fabulous shots are destroyed such as when (SPOILER alert) Ms. Shelly fires upon the bearded one, Brother Esau. Cinematographically speaking, the film is diminished  horrifically. Try watching Apocalypse, Now on your iPhone & you will a portion of my frustration. OK, so another distributor put Sudden Manhattan out a DVD version. I can't remember the company who put it out because I dumped it almost as soon as I got it (Special Order, of course). I don't think I got far enough to take a memorable note of its aspect because the color was so bleached out, it was obvious someone took the shortest cheapest route to transferring the imagery to digital. It was impossible to watch & I threw it out, depressed. I have kept my video copy, which shares the aspect of the above Youtube offering. This is really one of my all time favorite movies and it bugs me to no end that this is the best we have. And I know there is better. I have about ten minutes of proof from when I recorded it off cable, to remind myself to return to the movie from the beginning when I had the time. That was my mid-nineties method for earmarking shit on cable. Anyway, IF ANYONE KNOWS OR CAN ACQUIRE THIS MOST AMAZING FILM IN ITS INTENDED FORMAT AND ASPECT,  well, I'd just love you forever. And pay, and whatever. I'm going to see Waitress on Broadway in June when I go to New York for the first time. "Why are (you) running (to Manhattan)?"
"In tribute?"
Miss you, Shelly. Oh, & I really liked your turn in Revolution #9.
It's just freaky how she made and starred in this movie about her life being in danger
I love Adrienne Shelly RIP, that's why I wrote 'The Adrienne Shelly Song', love all of the movies she is in and DID, MY FAV 'Waitress' ..
Loved this movie when I was younger. Had a crush on her when I was young. May she rest in peace.
gracias siempre quise verla pero puta la wea wn no tiene subtituulos wn por la chucha
28464 194 17 0 33
Hi guys, I just wanted to share this beautiful, rare film directed by Adrienne Shelly, a very talented actress (and director) who started her career with another genius (Hal Hartley) and deserves much more recognition. Hope this film make you wanna know more about Shelly's work and legacy. Anyway, enjoy this unique masterpiece, which you won't find so easily, so...
I do not own this film and I don´t have any rights and all that stuff.
PT1H20M26S
sd
MovieID::::624
Title of the movie named after the song written by the precocious Bronx genius, Laura Nyro, from her first LP 'More than a New Discovery' released January 1967 when she was aged 19. The phrase Wedding Belling Blues has now entered into popular culture, and has been referenced in many TV episodes including The Simpsons.
4188 13 0 0 2
Wedding Bell Blues Trailer 1997
Director: Dana Lustig
Starring: Paulina Porizkova, Illeana Douglas, Julia Warner, Julie Warner, John Corbett, Jonathan Penner

Official Content From BMG

Divorced? Single? These three girlfriends set off to Las Vegas to get married then divorced all within 24 hours? Why? Because they're on the verge of turning 30!

Movie, Wedding Bell Blues Movie,Wedding Bell Blues Trailer,Wedding Bell Blues 1997, Dana Lustig,Paulina Porizkova, Illeana Douglas, Julia Warner, Julie Warner, John Corbett, Jonathan Penner
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::625
1769 7 1 0 0
The Last Time I Committed Suicide Trailer 1996
Director: Stephen Kay
Starring: Keanu Reeves, Thomas Jane, Tom Bower, Adrien Brody, Claire Forlani,

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment



Movie, The Last Time I Committed Suicide Movie,The Last Time I Committed Suicide Trailer,The Last Time I Committed Suicide 1996, Stephen Kay,Keanu Reeves, Thomas Jane, Tom Bower, Adrien Brody, Claire Forlani,
PT1M48S
sd
MovieID::::626
Excelente pelicula!!!!!
Absolutely sensational movie - very quirky and unpredictable with a great soundtrack.
FANTASTIC movie !...
Best film ever
This is my favourite Australian movie. A pure gem.
16902 58 4 0 7
Available on DVD through www.umbrellaent.com.au

Sibling rivalry is at an all-time high in this riotous award-winning Australian romantic comedy from the Oscar® nominated producer of The Piano and Bright Star.

Vicki-Ann Hurley (Rebecca Frith, Me Myself I) and her younger sister Dimity (Miranda Otto, In Her Skin) are looking for a little something to brighten their dreary days in the small outback town of Sunray.

When once popular radio personality Ken Sherry (George Shevtsov, Japanese Story) arrives in town to revive his dwindling career, the Hurley sisters welcome the distraction with open arms -- vying for his attention and affection at any and every opportunity.

The honey-voiced Sherry and his sexy Barry White-inspired play-list turns Vicki-Ann on to seize the moment and seduce the DJ in her own unique fashion. But when Dimity also expresses her amorous interests and stakes a claim, the stage is set for a high-spirited conflict between the decidedly disparate sisters.
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::627
wow is this as bad as it looks???
hilarious cold war paranoia film
It's all wrong! ...not looking at the bigger picture%
31 years later were still fearing nuclear war
Sometimes i think i have three fathers and it is never my german passport that's the same like to see the man i loved passing me and missing adult children i died for.....
Such a great movie
Ramius truly sailed into History
LASERS? %.....when used for?%%%.....told you!....to pay up%....i tried to e-mail the secutary of navy over 2 years ago. new boats!%... i have.  ideas.
St. Petersburg Police Department - City of St ...

https://police.stpete.org/contact-us.html

To report a crime or incident (non-emergency): 727- 893-7780. Information desk: 727-893-7521. By traditional mail: 1301 1 Avenue North St. Petersburg, FL ...

You've visited this page 3 times. Last visit: 6/10/19:...i have seen stupid!...%....but not like this!%...not a joke!...need a roof....a pot to piss in....and a window to throw it out of!....no more defraging!%.... blond women...this gay guy next to me...these military vets!.....nothing more to LEARN!....simple!....
People also ask

How is 1 second defined?



Why is my android time wrong?



How do I change my app time?



How do I change the timezone on Instagram?
The most stupid movie in the history of the stupid movies! This movie is like Star Wars(science-fiction)! Typical american thinking that a soviet or russian military officer will betray his country! You may accpet such traitors in your military we not!
Believe,  alot of men's lives are at stake..russian.
Damn!! this soundtrack!!!
Sean Connery
is a legend .
Holy shit, Vladimir Connery!
Crimson Tide song for Hunt for Red October? no thanks. Both great movies though, i'll give you that.
Movie was good until Baldwin started explaining turbulence on a damn plane, that's when you know the director has no respect for audience and fancies himself hot shit
They need to incorporate this story into future episodes of the Jack Ryan Amazon show. I'd like to see a few episodes dedicated to a rogue Russian sub Commander but obviously set in modern times. I think that would be great! I also wanna see Michael B. Jordan make a cameo on the Jack Ryan show since he will be playing John Clark in the "Without Remorse" and "Rainbow Six" movies.
USA Hollywood propaganda
Nice try
USA Hollywood propaganda
Death to USA
Not an actual trailer. It uses the crimson tide soundtrack, which was made AFTER this movie... the original trailer is pretty basic.
I don't remember this...
cathy and billy
freddie golden retriever
name was so silly
Why does this have Crimson Tide theme?
In Shoviet Russhia, Sean Connery remainsh Scottish! :D
Any movie with Sean Connery in it makes it an automatic man-movie
This is a real good fan trailer
Give me one ping, one ping only please
taahm brought me here
I don't think I ever saw this movie and I was thinking about watching it but after seeing this I think I just got the just of it.
Uh.  This IS NOT the official trailer for The Hunt For Red October.  Crimson Tide soundtrack and all that.
RIP TOM CLANCY
im looking for the best submarine movie, is this one or "das boot" better?
submarine nerd
Tom Clancy is a god
It is copyright infringement jackass, not to mention a disgrace to the professionals who created the real content.  Now you will be investigated by the MPAA...
I love your inclusion of "Crimson Tide" overture. But this isn't the original trailer. I appreciate your talent, could you appreciate that it might be helpful to put fan made in the title of your video?

EDIT: Misidentified the theme as "The Rock" theme, meant Crimson Tide, but they can sound similar at parts. Love that music.
Way to show a death scene, dumb ass. Fuck you.
I have only one complaint, that the late Don La Fontaine's voice wasn't throughout the trailer...
Other than that, this was the one before the feature film in theaters, just enough to tease the military drama fan, or any number of actors; Sir Sean, James Earl Jones, Alec, Courtney...
Good movie.  ;)
I bet a lot of this was inspiration for some of the metal gear solid games
Immediately RENAME this "FAN" trailer or whatever it is.  It's fan junk.  Otherwise, Paramount will be contacted and it will be REMOVED.
Then you may also face piracy charges.
R.I.P. Tom Clancy, good movie, great book.They should make a movie of "The Cardinal of the Kremlin" too, the sequel of "Red October"
Rename this amateur video "fan trailer" or it will be removed.
What's with the Crimson Tide soundtrack?
this was an awesome fucking movie.
Read the book. Fills in some storyline holes
actually the CC is all over the place through out the trailer lol
"captain of industry in the ass" CC at 00:15
sean conery is one of the best actors
Red Storm Rising....If they only make this movie....well will any one does world war III movie?all known action movies will become crap if this movie made...
Love that film. But damn, trailers in the 90s were crappy.
It looks like a great movie...too bad it's the same usa good guy russia bad guy story
Crimson Tide score, The Great, late Don La Fontaine v/o.  Love Sub movies! ;o)
I swear there's a person who is paid by YouTube to make up funny captions for every video. There's too many for it to be a coincidence.
RIP Tom Clancy
Captains of the Asses
Thank You Tom Clancy for all your wonderful novels which have been created into epic movies. May you rest in peace.
It was 23 years ago. He was young.

this "trailer" has the wrong music to it and NBC is linking it to its account
Rip Tom Clancy

Now the world is little bit empty.... Rip Mr Clacy. Glad to "read" you.

RIP Tom Clancy
the automatic subtitles say something funny when you turn them on.
what happens at 0.15? i dont get it

Captains of the industry in the ass!!! How'd you find that out tho??? u deaf?

Hahaha great spotting! :)
Captains of Industry in the ass.
BEST FILM EVER.
Crimson tide theme???? WTF????
The captions are screwed up through the entire thing, at one point the captions said the russians want our stickers when the intelligence guy said : the russians want us to sink her and they also said: and i think somebody gets shot at work  the land herewith where my when the guy said I think somebody shot a torpedo at us.???
The believing Jews obeyed what Jesus taught St. Luke 24:46-49; Acts 2:36-41. The Samaritans received what Jesus taught Acts 8:12-17. The Gentiles were commanded to obey what Jesus taught Acts 10:44-48. Apostle Paul re-baptized John's disciples because of what Jesus taught Acts 19:1-7 KJV. The apostles of Jesus if history is correct, did not omit St. Matthew 28:19, they just obeyed the only thing that Jesus told them to do St. Luke 24:46-49; Acts 2:38-41; Eph. 4:5; Gal. 1:8-9; 2nd Cor. 4:3-6 KJV.
Folks, let the main thing be the main thing. Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized everyone of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost Acts 2:36-41; 4:10-12; Eph. 4:5; Gal. 1:8-9; 2nd Cor. 4:3-6 KJV. This should have your undivided attention, because you let this by-pass you, you will have eternity to regret it. Don't let Jesus appear, and find you wanting after being weighed in the balance.
WHAT? WHY IS SEAN CONNERY PLAYING RAMIUS? I always pictured him having a Russian accent, being from Russia and all lol
captains industry in the ass...    lol

funny as shit!

20 political officer survived !

actually he plays a Lithuanian. Anyway this film, though entertaining, once you think about the logic behind the plot, it falls apart. why on earth would Ramius inform the soviet government that he wants to defect. Don't give me that "cortez sunk his ships so his men were well motivated" shit. he must have known they would hunt him, and lie to the americans that he had gone mad, which they did. Ramius' master plan makes metal gear solid story lines seem plausible.
9 more Soviet political officers have joined them in the past year or so. By the way, it takes a great actor to make the viewer hate his guts so much that you want to rip his throat out. Peter Firth, the actor who played the Soviet Political Officer Putin (TALK ABOUT A PREDICTIVE NAME?!?!?!), also played another character that made me want to turn into Jack the Throat Ripper: the incredibly pompous, arrogant ass Lord Northcliffe in The Greatest Game Ever Played.
it is sooooo funny, sean connery, a scotish actor, playing a ruissan, this is hilarious!!!!
What if Leonard Nimoy had had the role of Cpt. Ramius? It would had been awesome!
0:26 ROONEY!
My mind blew for a couple seconds. This movie came out in 1990. Crimson Tide came out five years later. HOW IS THIS TRAILER USING MUSIC FROM A MOVIE THAT HADN'T BEEN MADE YET.

Then I saw the description lol. Well done, uploader. Very fine trailer.
I ALMOST DIED WATHING THIS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DRAMATIC AND SEXY

there was so much propaganda in this movie.
This is obviously a completely different film than the submarine thriller starting Sean Connery that I remember, and I have to say it looks just as good.

Trailers always lie indeed.
your an anarchist then.
Bgm  is that of crimson tide (roll tide) by hans zimmer and not from red october
"No sh*t f*ckweed get the hell out of here"  Great line!
Holy crap Alec Baldwin looks so young.
What's threat songs name
Red October is the Akula class hunter-killer sub, that has no nuclear weapons.
It is very strange, but British and French nuclear subs collided in southern atlantic.
how odd is that?
I finally read the book....thumb up
Definitely one of the besht moviesh of all time.
I feel this trailer blew a bit to much of the story/plot away, i just wanted a sneak peak to decide if if I want to watch this film on the TV, I ain't seen it in 10+years but feel it's kinda ruined it now :(

Perhaps its best keep revealing audio plot snips from the 1st act only build up the suspense and play on that.
Scottish Soviet Admirals FTW!
833341 1376 74 0 312
No copyrights infringement intended.

My trailer for The Hunt for Red October from 1990 with Sean Connery, Alec Baldwin, Sam Neill, James Earl Jones, Courtney B. Vance, Joss Ackland, Tim Curry, Stellan Skarsgard and Scott Glenn directed by John McTiernan.

song: Hans Zimmer - Crimson Tide Theme.

enjoy:-)
PT2M24S
sd
MovieID::::628
So glad I have this with the Beatles "With a Little Help from my friends instead of that godawful cover.
le guin was a very good writer and this story is one of her best. i would also recommend her earthsea novels to those who have not read them.
a wizard of earthsea was the first if i recall correctly...
"George Orr." Was the author paying homage to George Orwell?
"George Orr." Was the author paying homage to George Orwell?
This story is incredibly deep on many levels and a classic illustration of the Law of Unintended Consequences in action...as well as of the dangers of human arrogance.  Nothing exists in isolation and acting as if it does is not only pointless but potentially dangerous because changing one piece without taking any thought for how it connects to the rest of the whole will create new problems elsewhere.  Solving all humanity's problems sounds wonderful in theory but is not realistic because everyone is different and what one person experiences as good, another person regards as bad.  Even if we were miraculously able to solve all of humanity's problems somehow, humanity (at least at this stage of our evolution) appears to need at least some degree of adversity or resistance in order to reach our potential -- and without problems, there is no adversity or resistance forcing us to grow.
A cool must watch show. just dont expect much of the special effects, It is a 1980 bbc show.
Yep. It's a rework of the story about the goose that lays the golden eggs.
I saw it about the same time that PBS was showing Tom Baker Dr Who.
https://youtu.be/O1bZe7bdXMw
...and reality was being pulled out from under us all the time...
He knows! The son of a bitch knows!
"This model only comes in one color."  Just dreamed her into his life....sure wish it was that easy....
"This model only comes in one color."  Just dreamed her into his life....sure wish it was that easy....
It's such a good damn story, the low....whaddaya call it?....production values don't take away from the experience.
We've published a story about the making of this film by co-director Fred Barzyk on the WGBH Alumni website: https://wgbhalumni.org/2015/11/29/lathe-of-heaven/
Remarkable movie. I read the book after I saw the movie. The movie did it justice. I own the DVD version that has an interview with Ursula K. LeGuin. The movie does the book justice. Great concept through an authors vision of how society behaves and those that want to fix it... Encourage you to see the movie and read the book. In either order.
I First saw this in high school I think 82? I feel in love with the song a little help from my friends.
So aliens run hot dog stands. I bet they run the convenience stores too,
Nice to see this again!  A couple of years before this was made, I had the pleasure of working as one of several dancers with Ed Emshwiller, the creator of the special effects.  A very interesting person, one of the earliest experimental videographers.  His career started with being an abstract expressionist action painter, and an illustrator for science fiction magazines.  He was extremely popular with authors because his illustrations always matched exactly what the stories said.  Then he started to do stop-motion animation of his paintings, then he started to superimpose live action on them.  Then he "graduated" to doing electronic manipulation of video imagery and (I think) finally digital manipulation.

I had heard of him because he was one of two artists featured in a PBS special about experimental video, and I fell in love with his work.  (The other was Peter Campus, and I fell in love with his work too.)  So when a choreographer I knew had a project with Emshwiller, I jumped at the chance to be in it.  Unfortunately, the project was never completed.

Check out Emswhiller's "Self Trio", a collaboration with the wonderful dancer Carolyn Carlson, who is an amazing improvisor -- especially in *this* film!  ;^)

https://www.numeridanse.tv/en/dance-videotheque/self-trio
They all turn into the Golden State Warriors
What an amazing concept for a film. I remember this movie years after watching.
I remember being in 9th grade and my English teacher assigned this movie as homework. I watched it on a teensy little black and white tv, and I didn't understand half of what the plot was. I was only about 14 at the time. But the movie always stuck with me.
this movie was terrible
It's aired since 1980 on pbs back in 2001 or 2002.
I saw the movie and was living in Dallas when the movie was made. The movie is a one of a kind that was a one time wonder.
my favored dream: to undo this stupid movie
George! I need u to dream.that my nose hairs go away snd theyyyy never come.back!!!!
This needs to be remade! Good film.
gotta love that Spock knock out  move....
Couldn't grasp it fully.
Haven't seen or read in years !! I love it !! Up there with the best of the best sci fi flicks !!!!
Just got done reading this book the second time. Figured I'd check this out, generally I can't stand these old, cheesy PBS movies. Must say though, this seems to be pretty loyal to the book.
My favorite sci-fi film of all time
I remember being a big Ursula K. LeGuin fan as a 17-year old, and being so impressed with this PBS movie when it aired back in 1980.

And a 34-year old Bruce Davison. He was perfect for the role. Also Kevin Conway as Dr. Haber, years before appearing on Broadway as Dr. Frederick Treaves in The Elephant Man.

PBS used to produce these wonderful television films on shoestring budgets. Anyone remember Between Time and Timbuktu, starring William Hickey, and based on the novels of Kurt Vonnegut, back in 1972?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmBKoO5pT94

It's still mind-blowingly great. I'm glad it's still available on video.
stores about the video masters being "lost" are not true. it was remastered in 2000 from two-inch Quadruplex tape that needed digital cleanup.
...."about this alien thing.... I think I've got it figured out....."  Yeah, right.
"Monsters from the ID."  Forbidden Planet.
So close to the truth .
I enjoyed this immensely, and wonder how many among us have made it through the veil of insanity to understand the potential that we all hold..
Bless Ursula K. Lee Guin!
The "near" future?  Still using pens & paper :)
I recognize Doctor Haber from a couple of Law and Order episodes.
"What if a man had a genie in his head and nobody was smart enough to phrase their desires precisely."
RIP Ursula Le Guin.
Viewing in memory of Ms LeGuin
Nicely done! Good film. An interesting premise: one person with the ability to affect and change reality. But perhaps none of it is real? What if we are nothing more than figures dreamt up by one such person? I feel like my life is nothing more than a nightmare at times. Thank you for posting!
Really? 1980! Mind blow....
RIP January 22, 2018. Ursula K. LeGuin.
So sad at her passing.
Hmmm. I’m afraid I’m missing what’s so great about this movie. Maybe I need to read the book to really understand it?
I can't believe she's gone (I knew her casually way back when).

Back when this film was out-of-commission (late 1980s), it was shown in a venue in Portland---with Ursula in the theater, giving an afterword [she worked on this production: it's the authorized version. Ignore that 2002 monstrosity!]. Some (shock, *white*) woman in the crowd asked her, "Why is Heather Lelache black?" Ursula: "Because she IS black!" Love her. Her words---and spirit---will live on. Rage in Power Mama Ursula!
RIP - may you be exploring new worlds.
RIP Ursula K Le Guin
RIP Ursula K. LeGuin (1929-2018)
RIP Ursula K. LeGuin. Her vision inspired this.
Rest In Peace, Ursula K. Le Guin ... October 21, 1929 - January 22, 2018
This is a huge, sad, and tragic loss, not only to folk who read science fiction, but also generally to folk who think deeply about Things that Really Matter ~  Ursula K. Le Guin, Acclaimed for Her Fantasy Fiction, Is Dead at 88
Ms. Le Guin brought literary elegance and a feminist sensibility to science fiction and fantasy tales, drawing millions of readers around the world. http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-42798654
Although the production seems dated now, I saw this when it was originally aired on PBS and was floored by the story's concept.
Huh. this is out on dvd. Bought my copy years ago.
Shame youtube re-encoded it to hell
RIP Ursula K LeGuin...
Poor quality can’t watch
Positively the best Science Fiction film ever made.
Always loved the great old movie!! Thanks so so much for posting !!
This is the kind of SF gat got me hooked some 40 years ago!  Great story line and some excellent acting!
I still have this on Video Tape and watch it every few years. Great to see it on Youtube! Loved this when it came out. Sad to hear that it only exists on Video Tape. Cheers for posting!
1:06:20 - The plane shown was an SR-71.  It was a spy plane, not a jet fighter.
37:16 - Watch the three people all sit and cross their legs at the same time.
The only thing I disagree with is that "race" is a problem or just a color. I think diversity is the problem. An advanced civilization would allow each race to exist and express themselves freely. Even if everyone was the same humans would find something to fight over. A region you were born in. Moon citizens vs Earth citizens ect. It's strange to think conflict would only exist with races, it can be a conflict of ideologies as well.Their will never be a one size fits all civilization because someone would still feel oppressed. If the moon was terraformed and turned out better then the Earth but limited space people would fight to invade and live on the better planet.
Tikkun Olam, a "Dr. Frankenstein" of dreams, moral virtues, collective effects on reality, etc. There's a lot in Le Guin's book. Was very disappointed the original Beatles song wasn't in the movie; it was a part I remembered the most- lost. Does anyone have the original to post? Thanks!
This was a beautiful production. It really spoke to me in 1980 and I think I must have watched it a thousand times (I wore out the VHS tape).

I was shocked at how ridiculous the A&E version in 2002 was compared to this more faithful version--lots of false drama in the updated version.
Love never fails.
Wait. So George is actually dying in the real world while dreaming of living in another world? Is that why Haber goes crazy after learning what happens after the dream ends?
Great movie.
fifty people can't be turned on the Lathe of Heaven.
I very much enjoyed "A Wizard of Earthsea" books but I just can't get into this film.
I've been hoping they'd do a modern remake of AWofE with all the CGI etc etc, it would make a fantastic movie. Maybe one day.......
im lost ...what it is PBS????
WOW! What a great piece of work. Thanks for all involved with this story.
I thought it made sense when it turned out he was dying of radiation poisoning, which is what started the whole effective dreaming,  That should have ended it, but then everything turned out OK.   I hate ambiguity in movies.
I am excited to watch this movie in its entirety. I just watched the first 10 minutes, but I am going to have the wife watch it with me later on tonight. I just found out about the movie from a book I am reading. " A Novel Approach to Politics "  there is a reference to this movie on page 16 , under "Utopia Aint What You're Thinking. Lord of the flies ( original) was another great movie we are to watch for this political science course.
Best thing ever on PBS!
I just finished the book a few hours ago and I immediately looked for this. Book adaptations inevitably lose a few things here and there, but this is quite good, especially for a TV movie. Goes to show that you don't need absurd amounts of money and CGI to make good, thought-provoking entertainment.
This was a book too
That woman is such a bad actress................
U K LeGuin says that it's the most requested film from the BBC archives - hmmmm?
Cheesy music and sounds wreck it.
No cell phones!  They missed that tech development.
I thought it was shot in Detroit.
Right up there with Brave new world kurosakas Seven Samurai.
the Mandela effect brought me here
I remember seeing this and thought it was so cool!
Kevin Conway as Dr. Haber stole the show, great acting..:)
'Ive been looking for this film for years.  I saw it in a High School class!I
You all know that with Trump that this is going to come true sooner than you think or wish.
"What if reality is being pulled out from under us all the time" -George Orr
This provides an interesting perspective on the Mandela Effect. Hope everything Well for Mr. Orr.
Thank you for posting.  Been looking for the 1980 movie.
This is from the 2000 DVD release. The Beatles song, With a Little Help from my Friends, was done by Elvis Costello. The actual 1980 broadcast, which I have in possession, the recording was performed by the Beatles. When the DVD was being produced, WNET couldn't get the permission to reproduce this song, thus had to do a different cover artist to perform the song to keep this segment of the film intact.
"May all sentient beings attain the omniscient mind, fully realizing the vast number of varied existences in their absolute pure nature." - Lama Zopa Rinpoche, Making Life Meaningful
This was an amazing program I didn't even know about 24 hours ago!

I think I might get on my bicycle tomorrow and go explore some of these locations, such as downtown City Hall which is about a 10 minute bike ride from me and then the reunion tower which is only about 4-5 minutes from the City Hall building).

What a trip to live in Dallas Texas and know that I can visit a couple of these amazing locations!
I've been looking for this film since 1984.  I saw it in a High School class!
306719 2157 68 0 541
The PBS version of the Ursula K. LeGuin novel "Lathe of Heaven" last aired in 1980.
PT1H43M47S
sd
MovieID::::629
This movie sucked! lol. Jk, some of the background music and some stuff sucked though.
11557 31 2 0 1
For the Love of Movies: The Story of American Film Criticism is the first documentary to dramatize the rich saga of American movie reviewing. Directed by Boston Phoenix critic, Gerald Peary, this movie offers an insiders view of the critics profession, with commentary from Americas best-regarded reviewers, including Roger Ebert, A.O. Scott, Lisa Schwarzbaum, Kenneth Turan. We also hear from articulate Internet reviewers, including Harry Knowles and Karina Longworth.
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::630
10795 15 2 0 0
Based on a true story

A new drama feature by Juha Wuolijoki



Hella W recounts the true story of Hella Wuolijoki, the internationally acclaimed businesswoman, playwright and politician, who is determined to leave her mark on the European psyche - no matter the cost.



In the beginning of the 1920s Hella W had already made millions, wrote several politically hazardous plays and was under careful observation of, among others, British Intelligence, the Soviet Union and the Finnish secret service. As the events of the Second World War started to unfold, Hella W found herself in a situation with seemingly no correct choices. She Faced the same task as the Finnish agent put on her tail: to find out who she really is, and what she is hiding behind the multi-faceted mask of Hella W, the celebrated writer, millionaire, rejected politician - and a mother.
PT2M21S
sd
MovieID::::631
:056 The cat says WTF?
4991 10 0 0 1
Trailer-Asian Horror (2005) TAIWAN Director: Leste Chen

Writer: Dorian Li

Stars:Terri Kwan, Jason Chang and Yu-chen Chang  Synopsis:A Taiwanese man returns to the island after years abroad when he inherits a house; when he and his fiancé move in, strange things start to happen.
PT1M33S
sd
MovieID::::632
Cheap n' Nasty Spaceship Superstars in Late '70's Canadian Spandex ... I'm not entirely convinced that humbled genre stalwarts Lee and Vaughn actually received even basic union scale payment to slum n' stumble their way through this utterly miserable Toronto-lensed travesty; or at the very least their paltry payroll cheques must not have cleared at the Bank of Montreal, simply based on how depressingly low-rent this polyester cheapie appears to be. No doubt a complete n' total bummer for the spaced-out kids who were naively drawn to this grimy clunker, sold solely on the exciting n' provocative promise of its Super-Cool Original One-Sheet; supposing of course, that those meddling kids had inexplicably flocked to this cut-rate Sci'-Fi' opus fast on the heels of Lucas' galactic siren call. Almost as drearily shot as the Peter Fonda good ol' boy actioner "High Ballin' ", which also happens to feature the oh' so sultry Helen Shaver dourly lit in Beautiful Ontario. Certainly a great genre title and an exceedingly unique n' progressive electro'-score for the far-out Gil Melle' fetishists out there in space, otherwise an absolute treasure-trove for snidely-derisive snickers and not much else. On the plus-side, 'tis slightly funnier than Buck Henry's short-lived "Quark"...
2027 11 0 0 1
Promo for the 1977 movie "Starship Invasions" staring Robert Vaughn and Christopher Lee.  This commercial aired on Chicago's WGN on 6-4-1983
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::633
i was interested enough to come watch the trailer; is it too much to ask for english subtitles, just to make it more accessible/universal?
don't even have to be hard, optional closed captions would do.
just saying.....
i mean, it would've kept me interested.
10575 6 0 0 1
I DISPERSI - http://www.hideout.it/dispersi



Il nuovo film di Christoffer Boe, presentato quest'anno a Cannes, probabilmente sarà l'ennesima produzione di questo regista danese a non essere distribuita in Italia. Boe ha vinto nel 2003 con Reconstrucion il premio come miglior opera prima a Cannes e nel 2006 con Offscreen quello come miglior giovane regista a Venezia. Considerato l'erede di Lars Von Trier, più per le sue origini che per il modo di (far) vedere il cinema. I suoi film sono come dei labirinti mentali in cui si troverebbe benissimo a suo agio Charlie Kaufman.



Jacob Falk, personaggio intorno a cui ruota Everything Will Be Fine, è un regista e sceneggiatore senza ispirazione. Una notte investe Ali, un interprete dell'esercito danese tornato di recente dall'Iraq con una serie di foto che mostrano prigionieri torturati da soldati danesi. Jacob si appropria della borsa di Ali che contiene le foto e cercherà di farle pubblicare, ma le stesse foto lo porteranno, scena dopo scena, in una realtà paranoica ossessiva.



È un film che sembra un gioco di riflessi, in cui tutto si sdoppia e si confonde in ambientazioni postmoderne, in cui realtà filmica e finzione si sovrappongo quasi a creare un mondo escheriano.
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::634
1441 3 0 0 0
Click here to own it now:

http://shop.readersdigest.co.uk/drama/163487-the-young-savages-1961.html

Drama based on the novel by Evan Hunter. Assistant District Attorney Hank Bell (Burt Lancaster) investigates the gangland murder of a blind Puerto Rican boy. Three Italian teenagers from the notorious Thunderbird gang stand trial for the murder, but Bell determines to uncover the motivation behind such a cold, brutal attack. He begins to discover, however, that the facts of the case are not as straightforward as they seem.
PT2M46S
sd
MovieID::::635
There's a rock song that plays at the end of this movie and I can't find it anywhere.
I have been watching horror films since seventh grade (2011-ish) and it's funny how I've never asked myself this question: Why do they keep making these shitty films despite the poor reception of their predecessors? ANOES, Alien, Predators are understandable, but for me, Friday the 13th was a reach, aswell as Halloween, Scream (same thing to me, I know Scream 2 was rated fresh on RT, that wouldn't change my mind), THIS which got old real fast after the third film, Child's Play, Resident Evil (fuck), Texas Chainsaw, etc...
If they do try to expand very much on the story and settings like Predators and Alien, then go with it ! But if they just want to rely on gimmicks like Jason in space or just cashing on the name of the series to make a poorly shot film e.g. THIS FILM then god no !
I busted up laughing once the Bad Boys II scene popped up.
Those cars flipping are from the freeway chase in bad boys 2. What in the fuck??
I can`t wait to own this and there`s gonna be a part 9 called COTC The Runaway! Cult followings rule!
much better than the first movie and than come out and play
This movie is terrible. A boring garbage.
In my opinion this movie was actually quite awesome! I didnt like it the first time i watched it cause it made no sense but honestly once you get the concept and if your a cotc fan this movie is actually great. All on interpretation people
The evil dead probably had a bigger budget than this.
isnt the trailer the best parts i dont need to watch this
Okay..  unlike the characters in this film, I can take a hint. I am NOT gonna watch this film.... maybe Bahahahah!
what a lack of ideas, they made remake remake and again remake, sequel sequel and again sequel.
This movie is such a bait-and-switch. Despite the title's implied promise, "COC: Genesis" doesn't even have a cameo from Phil Collins.
What the fuck??? Saw the movie and it's so bad. Makes no fucking sense, and it's so slow. Aside from Hitler, the director/script writer should be shot in the face a billion time.
I have all but this one..  saw the trailer once but haven't heard from it since
I'll pass, but thanks for the letting us view the car falling off the trailer scene. Just gives me another excuse to stay clear from behind them on the road
00:28 ... WTF
Getting ready to watch it on Netflix
eww it looks SO bad...but i'll watch it anyway, for Billy Drago lol xD
looks like poop
they look like vicky and burt couple :)
Looks like garbage!
oh come the hell on!
They totslly fucked up the franchise with this movie.
I thought the 'Children of the Corn' remake was awful, but CofC: Genesis topped it! Seriously, the original franchise is so much better, why ruin the franchise with crap like this?? I love Billy Drago as Barbas in Chamed, he's a good actor, but even he can't save this shit movie. Avoid at all cost.
Tsk, this is the worst horror movie I've ever seen, and this even apart of Hallowscream on Star Movie ... I don't understand anything, and I'm confuse as hell :))
Stupidest shit ever
This is not a remake, it is just another bad sequel.
SHIT SHIT SHIT CRAAAAP!!! DONT WATCH
lol

i too laughed on that part!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Horror movies are so bad these days. They need to learn how to be scary from the classics
Ok this movie I haven't see this before and wow and I havent heard that movie was release
Actually there's finally something new in the story - all parts of franshice are the same.
but hey - there are always best scenes in trailers, i want to see it)
Looks like it was made by College Humor
Must go watch the original to purge this from my mind...
didn't understand at all this bizarre film... :/
The husband's already asked them to leave. If only Allie would listen!
is this an american indie film?
mmm ok im not downloading this from the pirate bay. i already watched the trailer for the entitled.. didnt like it either lol
x-men meets children of the corn meets the village meets matrix meets final destination... uhhhh cant wait!
watch my bad boys vid and laugh
LMAOOO laughed so hard at the body drop in the end
nice to see billy drago again
I heard Scream 4 trailer sounds.. 0:19
Is this a sequel to the 2009 Children of the Corn, or another sequel to the original Children of the Corn series? Or a film all on it's own? Someone please answer...
looks garbage.
GAMW TON STEVEN KING
Well, this doesn't look too bad.  I'm sure the budget is low and maybe some of the actors are a little dry, but over all it doesn't look bad.  I can deal with "direct to DVD" Horror movies.  Besides, this looks much better than that awful "remake" they made on SyFy a couple years back.  Not to mention that new HELLRAISER sequel looks much worse than this.  I'll watch this.
321038 162 89 0 59
TIM and ALLIE seek shelter in a remote desert compound after becoming lost and stranded. A strange Manson-like character, PREACHER (Drago), reluctantly allows them inside with strict orders to be gone by morning and not wander "where you are not invited." At first, Preacher and his mail-order wife OKSANA (Nedeljakova) deny the faint screams and cries that emanate from one of the crumbling outbuildings. When Allie sneaks outside to investigate, she discovers that she and Tim have stumbled onto a bizarre cult worshiping an entity that may -- or may not -- dwell inside a haunted little boy.

Available on VOD on August 31, 2011 and on DVD on August 30, 2011.
PT1M11S
hd
MovieID::::636
Chief Brody teamed up with Jayne Cobb in a movie directed by the guy who gave us “The Hitcher” and “Near Dark”? Why isn’t this on Blu-Ray, but “Jaws: The Revenge” is?!?!?!
It's on DVD, but you have to order it via Amazon or some other mail-order service.
I wish somebody posted the full movie.
Roy Scheider is cool.

Eric Red did not direct Near Dark. It was Kathryn Bigelow.
@MrHeartveg yea.  a drama.  two hit men. one seasoned and professional and the other a psychotic thug have to partner up to escort a kid to a location.
i remember seeing this on hbo when i was 10 (i am 19 now) i thought it was an awesome movie  this is has to be one of Roy scheider best films
Cohen and Tate one of greatest underrated film of the eighties.
@Schizo27 Any smart kid would have known to stay quite duck his head down and let them drive by, but no the kid screams out ITS THEM ITS THEM. What a moron!!!!
I remember watching parts of this movie when I was 9 or so(27 now). I freaked out when the kid had a "ridealong" with that police officer, turned it off and went to sleep terrified.  Anyone know if you can get a hold on this on dvd? I would like to see the whole movie, I guess I`m nostalgic these days.
saw the movie last week, very good !!!!!!!!!!
Such an under appreciated video. It should be re-released on DVD or a modern remade version. Cohen as Gary Oldman or Ben Kingsley and Tate as maybe Colin Farrel??
Thanks for posting.  This is one of Scheider's best performances.
i saw this the other night on cinecanal
Re-watched the trailer...is Tate using a Lever-action?  I gotta try and get a VHS copy of this...
Man...I gotta look for a bootleg copy of this...TOo bad they don't have it on DVD.
Man...I gotta look for a bootleg copy of this...TOo bad they don't have it on DVD.
Good film, shit trailer
PISS ON YOU.................
Lmfao, this trailer is hilarious! XD
I &hearts; Tate!  ...what's with the cheesy voice-over, though? XD
18294 45 3 0 22
The trailer for the underrated, excellent 1989 thriller Cohen & Tate, written and directed by Eric Red (The Hitcher, Near Dark, Body Parts).



A young boy, soon to testify at a Mob trial, is kidnapped by two squabbling hitmen. The boy's only chance at survival is to turn the ill-matched pair against each other, and not get caught in the bloody crossfire...



Stars Roy Scheider, Adam Baldwin (playing what seems like an early version of his Jayne character from Firefly/Serenity) and Harley Cross.



This film is not yet available on DVD. The rights are owned by MGM/UA.
PT2M8S
sd
MovieID::::637
This was double billed with Joan Crawford’s Berserk! When it came out. Now that’s a double feature!
Uh, a pretty scary film that is right up there with Creepshow.  Needless to say, I watched this one Saturday evening and felt uncomfortable for the rest of the evening.
It just needs Adam West.
True spoiler alert  but I guess they put the best clips in to get people to go and see it  when this came out in the  at the time.
One of my favourite films, and thanks for the trailer. That said, don't you agree these trailers give quite a lot of the movie away.
16571 80 2 0 5
VIAJE...A LO INESPERADO = https://www.facebook.com/groups/215412575215653/                                                                                         sinopsis:
En una feria de atracciones uno de los pabellones lleva el curioso nombre de El Jardín De Las Torturas. Regentado por un histriónico maestro de ceremonias que se hace llamar Dr Diabolo, cuenta con la presencia de una extraña figura femenina que, según el feriante, es capaz de revelar a los asistentes el futuro que les aguarda. O, mejor dicho, uno de los posibles futuros; el más tenebroso, por supuesto...                                       Ficha Técnica


Director: Freddie Francis / Productor: Milton Subotsky para AMICUS Films / Guión: Robert Bloch / Fotografía: Norman Warwick / Música: Don Banks y James Bernard / Montaje: Peter Elliot / Intérpretes: Peter Cushing, Jack Palance, Burgess Meredith, Beverly Adams, Michel Bryant, John Standing, Robert Hutton, John Phillips, Michael Ripper, Bernard Kay, Catherine Finn, Ursula Howells / Nacionalidad y año: Reino Unido 1967 / Duración: 93 min.
PT2M35S
sd
MovieID::::638
vai está sempre presente
Legend never die
10629 41 1 0 6
Sir Charles Spencer "Charlie" Chaplin, KBE (16 April 1889 – 25 December 1977) was an English actor, comedian, and filmmaker who rose to fame in the silent era. Chaplin became a worldwide icon through his screen persona "the Tramp" and is considered one of the most important figures in the history of the film industry. His career spanned more than 75 years, from childhood in the Victorian era until a year before his death at age 88, and encompassed both adulation and controversy.

Chaplin's childhood in London was defined by poverty and hardship. As his father was absent and his mother struggled financially, he was sent to a workhouse twice before the age of nine. When he was 14, his mother was committed to a mental asylum. Chaplin began performing at an early age, touring music halls and later working as a stage actor and comedian. At 19 he was signed to the prestigious Fred Karno company, which took him to America. Chaplin was scouted for the film industry, and made his first appearance in Keystone Studios's Making a Living (1914). He soon developed the Tramp persona and formed a large fan base. Chaplin directed his films from an early stage, and continued to hone his craft as he moved to the Essanay, Mutual, and First National corporations. By 1918, he was one of the best known figures in the world.
PT14M3S
sd
MovieID::::639
Watching end enjoying from European Union, Lithuania.
Am I the only one that gets the erge to turn up the volume on a silent movie?
Charley was still working on his Little Tramp persona. Hence the top hat rather than the derby.
Mabel was a natural before the cameras her every gesture and move is perfect.She was made for the movies .
104 years. 20 june 1914-20 june 2018. amazing.
Mabel Normand how I wish I could have met her.
Shot in Echo park .
He plays a perfect drunk. Awesome acting
0:44 you're welcome...
charli is great man !!
Seriously charlie is a great man i really appreciate him ilove him
Sometimes Charlie was acting stupid which wasnt funny at all.
I assume that's Charley Murray in the bar scene.
68970 276 23 0 19
Released on June 20th, 1914 by Mack Sennett's Keystone Studios.

Mabel Normand - Mabel
Charles Chaplin - Mabel's Husband
Mack Swain - Wellington
Eva Nelson - Wellington's wife

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0004282

CHANGE BEFORE GOING PRODUCTIONS:
http://www.cbgp.com
http://www.facebook.com/changebeforegoingproductions
http://www.twitter.com/cbgproductions
http://www.gplus.to/changebeforegoing
http://www.pinterest.com/cbgproductions

More classic silent films added daily to the channel. We hope you enjoy these movies and cartoons, some of which contain new musical scores, from early cinema.
PT14M22S
hd
MovieID::::640
I really like him. English sub pls.
doesn't have subs :(
2398 10 0 0 2
hope you enjoy everyone
PT2H20M48S
hd
MovieID::::641
Schön chillige Videos, macht spaß deine Werke zu betrachten :-)
10616 61 0 0 1

PT2M40S
sd
MovieID::::642
Where is the whole film?
I switched up 3115 ;920 ;122 ;94 ;
Eu gostaria de ver esse filme.
1860 7 0 0 3
Old film
PT1M23S
hd
MovieID::::643
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u2606' in position 159: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::644
OOOOOhhhhhh yea! Nice, Love the Castle!
Properly British. No country has actors/programs/films like the Brits! Cheers,Peter
This film must be out of copyright by now.  Full upload please!

@SouthyA No more taxis
its full of Starbucks now lol
Godfrey Tearl also played the Bishop in 'The Titfield Thunderbolt'. On the other hand, he died in 1953, aged 69.
This is rather splendid.
ahh i remeber lovley old paddiington and the real great weastern railway i used to spend my holidays in cornwall and  remeber that the track was so smooth and so level i could light my cigars drink my tea and even eat my brakefast without making a mess but if i did it now i would proberbly need to take a shower afterwords and throw my suit away!!!! i just with the war didnt ruin every thing
Paddington Station before the Pevensie children departed en route to Narnia and Hall locos before finding a new role on the Hogwarts Express.
great clip, have been searching the internet to try and get a copy of the movie. Any idea's ?
Many thanks for putting this clip up
Stewart
yes it is proper entertainment as well.



and yes a new big brother has started, unfortunately, theres nothing i love more than watching a load of public idiots shouting at eachother then sleeping....
and proper entertainment ... I hear a new big brothers started.... so nothing on channel 4 for next few months =/
ah, they dont make them like this anymore.






proper engines



proper railways



proper ways of doing things
52068 88 9 0 14
The Last Journey:

Bob Holt's last journey as a Railway engine driver before his retirement, a journey disturbed by his distress at leaving the Railway, and his suspicions of the relationship between his wife and his fireman. Takes the train into his own hands and desides to drive flat out until he crashes. Thankfully the train stops intime.
PT4M28S
sd
MovieID::::645
Spartacus!  hope he has an Ass Kicking roll.
Best movie ever :D
omg andy is starring?? gotta watch this now.
R.I.P Andy <3 we`ll always love you, the bringer of rain!

Holy shit, Whitfield is in this? Damn definitely have to watch it now.
Spoiler alert
The story's about an adoption clinic where a man and woman come to ms Shepard to purchase a baby since the man and woman cant legally adopt so they get 6 women who have unborn children do a c section on them and test there abilities and personality then when the last woman is standing they kill her and take her baby, but Beth church survives and lets herself go with Duncan's keys she stole from him, then she gets her baby and stabs ms Shepard with her keys then drags them up her stomach and kil
RIP Andy W x

Was a good film, Its a shame they never showed what happened to the husband & what happened with the woman's dad since he adopted her and shot her real mother.. Seems like they rushed it, it could of been made much better but was a good film anyway.
Well the police officer handed the woman his wallet, so I'm guessing he died :(
Shame though because he didn't need to die it was so pointless since they never even showed what happened to him :(
That's what they all say in horror movies
Just saw the movie, what happend to Andy Whitefeilds charater, he just dissapears
Best movie ever if you haven't watched it you have to
lol you dont say
A DINGO TOOK MY BABY
youre here because of spartacus
Tabrett Bethell <3 i definitely have to watch this movie
what they mean by true events is that it was inspired by infants being stolen from parents, its just for effect but lol its really loosely inspired by true events.
R.I.P andy whitfield
is this scary/ good i just got it on dvd
@nhigin 10% is probably true :P
This film was soo good, not to not to gory and with a great twist, 10/10!
where is the Mord-Sith when you need them eh Cara ? xP i should definitely watch this !!
how can this be a true events ?! wtf,
@TruSoul2006 still makes no sense and lets be honest the film is pretty shit anyway so who cares.
@dageezerboi Its actually kinda clear. If you pay attention. Overall yeah that's the whole point. He had been holding dead flowers, there were fresh ones on the grave. Some people also don't have bodies in the grave....ever hear of missing children? Bodies that aren't found til like years and years later? You over think an idea, try to make it sound....more than what it is, demand more details and you completely miss the point of it all.
@0TheGrudgeIsSexy0 the girls life was a lie, her real mother was killed by these adoptian people.the grave at the end was of her real mother but i dont get who the man walking away was. her real dad? but the gravekeeper said "his pregnant wife went missing and they never found the body" so why the hell does she have a grave? And why would she think he was her real dad anyway unless he was standing over the grave. yeah it is kinda confusing
@undefinedpurpose don't bother. she is a good actress but this film is garbage. shame as it starts out reasonably promising..
Wanna watch this just to see tabrett!! I love her :)
As apocalyptic this may seem, this really happens/happened. Latinamerica went through a military dictatorship for years and women were kidnapped, and sometimes they were pregnant and those babies were born and taken away...
Sir Andy Whitfield, you are truly a man of honor. You will be forever remembered...
:Dnice movie!!
inspired by true events...how the hell can people be so fuckin sick, jesus christ what the hell happened to this stupid world, has everyone got insane...crazy movie, a must see...the decay of human values...
ANdy Witfield, Please recover and come back to Spartacus!


Tabrett's tits are on the cover, that makes this the greatest piece of movie ever made.
Shut the hell up with these spam comments. Jeez.
why the hell does every comment have filmsi.co.cc on them?
A must See!!!
Found dvd at ioffer.com/users/getmore
@Gh0stWhisp3r thank you..o many fucking gullible people will fall for that shit it's alarming.
THE BEST FILM EVER SEE. It's Brillant.
LA MEJOR PELICULA QUE VI. Es brillante.
True events...lol at filmakers these days, will do anything for a buck. no WAY this could possibly happen ANYWHERE!
0:58 poor baby in cage :(
i just watched this movie ... tabrett bethell .. is really a great actress . the movie is like SAW in the other way(just my opinion).. i like the ending though ,, i love the bathtub scene. visit her most active fan club on facebook just search tabrett bethell fan club, pls. join,
TheGrudgels, the old guy at the cemetary is probably Beth's father. She thinks she can catch him on foot. HTH
@rolgonzalez hahaha so trueeee
mmmm i dont know..really bad.. maybe?
I don't understand the ending? could somebody please explain it to me?
I love Andy and need him back on Spartacus!!!
YOUTUBE NEEDS TO CONTROL ALL THIS FUCKING SPAM....
DINGOS!!!!!!!
Andy whitfield !!!
@mossgorgebnb09  here btzjunk .com
Love this sh*t
Trippin' movie,,
@IshikStar stalker!
im australian yet i barely hear anyone with such a strong accent as theirs
Hopefully watch this soon :)
Dingo stole my baby!
@IshikStar why dont you just watch it online and draw less attention?
this movie is terrible, so gd far fetched is unbelievable, so stupid
I think moovi.co.cc sucks and all the fake comments are like penthouse forum letters... "I never thought this would happen to me but"
did she kill the baby..??
this movie has been done like 50 times. Kurt Russell film remake
@IshikStar
Yea sent here by the piratebay top 100...
This really has two sides to it...Because little film company's like this will just vanish if we download the movie instead of buying it.
On the other hand, if the piratebay didn't excist i probably wouldn't even have noticed the existence of this movie and missed it completely...

Really good movie, nice plot, but the acting is bad!! Really really bad!
@Eihposile Why is he playing in this movie and not making Spartacus I DONT UNDERSTAND
Oh :L you added this like 2 years ago? So
It's already out? Wow, that makes me look like a dick :P
:O Tabrett baby you've done it again ;D Spartacus sweaty you kill those bastards :) c'mon Cara - mord-sith mode is needed :)

Cannot wait to watch this! When's it out?? -3
i so want to see this movie.....
Cara and Spartacus--> pure sex

too bad it'a a horror
Anything Andy is in I will love it. He is an awesome actor....
Making enemies with the likes of Cara and Spartacus?



That town's population is liable to be reduced to zero by the time they're through with it.
383006 157 13 0 71
Trailer for the new feature film, The Clinic.

While traveling across country with her fiance, Beth wakes along in an isolated clinic to a mother's worst nightmare. Her child has been abducted. Trapped and facing an unknown enemy, Beth struggles to piece together the clinic's deadly secret. Just how far will a mother go to save her child? Inspired by true events.
PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::646
Il primo incontro, sotto i bombardamenti, tra il Tenente Denet (Fredrich March) e l'infermiera Monique (June Lang): "Se proprio le sono indifferente, abbia almeno la gentilezza di schiaffeggiarmi!"
PT5M40S
sd
MovieID::::647
Available for first time ever at oldies.com Item: WAC663673D
Looks the scriptwriter must have been on a high dose of opium when he reinterpreted De Quincey's Confessions like that..still like to see it though.
I remember this. Real change of pace role for Price getting to play a hero in an action movie.
8804 32 2 0 3
The trailer for the 1960s exploitation shlock-fest, also known as Souls for Sale.
PT1M24S
sd
MovieID::::648
a really bad adaptation
That is one of my favorite films.
25986 25 4 0 2
Aki Kaurismaki - Crime and Punishment (1983)
PT3M6S
sd
MovieID::::649
Does anyone know where this was shot (the building)?
What a load of crap.  If it has to be explained than it's really not worth watching.  Waste of film.
Zwartjes should of made more feature length movies.
35957 113 13 0 9
Frans Zwartjes (*Alkmaar, 1927) is a film maker, musician, violin maker, artist and sculptor. In the late 1960's he became well known with films showing grotesquely dressed up actors involved in little power-mad sexual games. Hysterics and cruelty are his regular topics. Susan Sontag called Zwartjes 'the most important contemporary experimental film maker' Zwartjes made over fifty films. 'Pentimento' (1979), 'Living' (1971) and 'Ín Extremo' (1981) seem to be his best known films.

This film is dominated by an icy blue. In a monumental building a group of scientists submit women to obscure and inhuman experiments, in which sexuality and cruelty constantly merge into one another. When the film was released, this horrifying game of power and powerlessness was condemned severely by a militant group of feminists. The criticism was undeserved. After all, 'Pentimento' is an art-historical term for a hidden image underneath the actual image giving an indication of how the latter evolved to its current state. The film does not endorse the lopsided power relations in our world but actually challenges them.

These afflictions are created by the imagination of a Japanese surgeon. Perhaps there is a connection to the past as soldiers were involved in torture practices. Zwartjes invites us into his films world: war, concentration camps, authority, oppression, power lust, sex, torture. Yet the film does not comment on that world, but -- as Gerry Waller, in a review described in NRC Handelsblad -- is an instinctive expression of Zwartjes' experiences. Pentimento is a painting in which images in the film are exposed but where its truth lies is behind the images.
DVD Available at http://www.moskwood.nl/store/frans-zwartjes-the-great-cinema-magician-2dvd-p-384.html?language=en
PT1H12M
sd
MovieID::::650
An American doctor gets caught in the middle of a revolution when he's forced to operate on a South American dictator.
Resolution: 720p
(C) This trailer is copyright the respective owner.
PT3M13S
hd
MovieID::::651
The movie ripped from today's headlines....
Apparently, most critics of the time thought this was a terrific example of film noir.  It's a good looking film, too.  It is fun and educational to look back on these cultural markers.  Thanks for uploading!
5765 26 1 0 3
Cry of the City (trailer) - Out on BFI Blu-ray & DVD 22 August | BFI DVD
Subscribe: http://bit.ly/subscribetotheBFI.

A vivid depiction of life in New York’s Little Italy, Robert Siodmak’s fast-paced crime thriller anticipates the films of Martin Scorese and is released on BFI Blu-ray and DVD on 22 August

Pre-order your copy via BFI Shop: http://shop.bfi.org.uk/pre-order-cry-of-the-city.html?___SID=U#.V5s1oKL-6So

Watch more on the BFI Player: http://player.bfi.org.uk/
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/BFI
Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BritishFilmI...
Follow us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+britishfilmi...
PT2M33S
sd
MovieID::::652
"Chris Hanson is the Blade of pedophiles, hes kind of half-half, he knows their ways" -Dave Attell
Wonder what made Renee uncomfortable?  The possibilities are endless.
“Did you have a black partner who was too old for things?”

- Dave Attell
Dave is the funniest ever. This is classic
David Attell and Doug Stanhope are arguably the only two Comics who can pull dark humor out of the air at will, and turn it into comedy gold.
Ant:Its a butt boob. Idk why that made me laugh so hard.
opie is pure garbage
Opie trying to get a connection with Burr.....yeuch
Why are dummies qouting the audio that im listening if i was fucking deaf i wouldnt be here
this is a good example of Opie getting that terrible confidence he gets when Bill or Colin or some of the others are in. he just keeps trying to direct/steer the show into topics when the other 4 guys are riffing on audiences and comedy shows.

no we dont wanna hear about butt implants, and then he plays a fucking soundclip over the news story anyway.
Apparently all non revolvers are fully automatic pistols. "You just put pressure on the trigger and the bullets pour out". Really? Fucking really? And Bill believes it. That is one of the dumbest excuses I've heard for police murdering citizens. It's usually just "if they just stop resisting and cooperate they won't have any problems." If a cop doesn't know how a semi automatic pistol works maybe you shouldn't be a cop???
Lou's a scumbag, just like the rest of em
Lmaoooooo Bill - how did you distract him ?
Ant - he shot him!
Lmaoooooo Bill - how did you distract him ?
Ant - he shot him!
Girthy prick!
"How do you get the safety off?!" I just watched Edge of Tomorrow earlier.
This is the very first O&A show I ever heard.
Thank you for the upload!
37226 175 17 0 21
Opie and Anthony Show K-ROCK/XM 2007/12/06.
PT1H54M49S
sd
MovieID::::653
Terrific soundtrack by Zbignew preisner
This movie is so underrated. I watched it at Hungarian Movie Festival in Almaty, Kazakhstan some years ago and still want to rewatch it.
I saw today at a Hungarian Movies festival sponsored by the hungarian embassy at Brazilian Cinemateque in São Paulo and loved it.
Piri Móga is so sexy.
16265 81 3 0 4
In the hope of a better life the Hungarian-Romanian family of circus artists escapes from the Ceausescu dictatorship in Romania to the West in the early 1980s. Once here though, if they want to stay in the ring they have to come up with something exotic. The mother devises a special act: she hangs by her hair in the circus dome. However, her daughter Aglaya gets terribly worried that her mother will fall to her death, and this fear becomes an everyday burden for her to bear. Yet one day - following the family tradition - she herself becomes "The Woman with Hair of Steel".

The story is about the members of a refugee family of circus artists, their enforced interdependence, their eventual break-up and the joy and curse of belonging together - all seen from the viewpoint of the young Aglaya.
PT2M3S
hd
MovieID::::654
Worst movie of 2014
77840 41 8 0 4
Subscribe to Voltage Pictures for all our latest releases: http://bit.ly/1kjjbOy

American thief, Simon Keller (Cusack), arrives in a foreign country in need of a getaway driver.  Rather than recruit one from the underworld, he takes a driving lesson from ex F-1 champion, Peter Roberts (Jane), now working as a driving instructor.  After Keller robs a bank during the lesson, Roberts has no choice, but to use his driving talent to get away from pursuing police and mobsters.

Director: Brian Trenchard-Smith
Cast: John Cusack, Thomas Jane
PT2M9S
hd
MovieID::::655
I read her wonderful books but never had an opportunity to see any of her Baby Peggy films. Thanks so much for sharing this. As of July, 2018 Diana Serra Cary (Baby Peggy Montgomery) is still alive at the age of 99.
Thanks for posting, I wrote to legendary Baby Peggy a.k.a. Diana Serra Cary in 2015 and she was so kind to autograph a lovely photo for me.
The Captain January name was given to the lighthouse keeper guy in the 1936 Shirley Temple remake rather than Temple's character Helen.
Sweetest movie ever.  No wonder she was a huge star - that little face rips your heart out.
i caught this on tcm recently and cried A LOT. i love this film. thank you for posting it.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.  Everything is up to date if you know the plot elements. There are the three social workers from Child Protective Services wanting to grab the child on false pretenses, hiding behind the lawyer.  There is the loving father and daughter who do not want to be separated.  The wealthy family that thinks they can do a better job for the child because of their goof fortune and prosperity.  The judge that thinks the child would be better off with a foster family. And the people who do not value love over money and don't understand hat the poor can be happy, even happier, with little else.
This is my favorite movie of all time. It is the only film that makes me cry.
This is wonderful! A fine picture that is very entertaining. Baby Peggy (Diana Cary) is still living and doing great. She is a true legend.
9746 76 1 0 9
This charming film stars Hobart Bosworth as an aging lighthouse keeper who adopts an orphan girl that's cast ashore from a shipwreck.  Remade with Shirley Temple in 1936.  This film fell into the public domain in 1952 from lack of copyright renewal.  NOTE: Due to constant copyright issues and people making false claims on public domain music
I removed the soundtrack.  Play your favorite classical piece as you watch and enjoy.
PT1H3M40S
sd
MovieID::::656
Book was better bad guy was a regular hood in war there is never discussion about higher issues as Jim brown does book better in that sense
Check out darker than amber rod Taylor best fight scene ever
Was introduced to this film by Tarantino at one of his film festivals in Austin back in 2001
While in the film Henlein is an ex-Nazi, Müller in real life was a Wehrmacht officer. And while I agree that he was the model for Henlein in the film, there was another well known SS officer named Müller. The Henlein character seems to be a composite of the two.

Siegfried Müller (SS officer) (1914–1974) - SS officer

Siegfried Müller (mercenary) (1920–1983) - mercenary, Wehrmacht officer-candidate

://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siegfried_M%C3%BCller
What does it mean the abbreviation F.D.E.C. ?
This movie was filmed in Jamaica in 1960's when I was a boy I remember the Train passing by our home and a friend of mine played an small role in it. That railway is abundant now.
I think L could also see a touch of Tarantino's affection for this movie in 2 other aspects of Inglourious Basterds. Rod Taylor plays Winston Churchill and the movie theater shooting action recalls the hotel scene wherein Curry and Rufo are gunning down Gen. Moses' gangsters from the mezzanine.
I remember watching this film1976ish BBC or ITV.. Can't remember.. first and only time I've seen it in it's entirety.
Rod Taylor---good actor, but did not know how to wear a beret . . . .
Did Jim Brown and Rod Taylor get into a real fight on the set of this film?
I always though Rod Taylor looked and talked in a similar way to Robin Williams
Great review of a great movie!  This film was WAY ahead of its time.  Great performances from all the cast.  It also highlights a little-known (today) conflict---the Congo Rebellion in the early 1960's.  It was very daring violence-wise for a 1960's movie.  Many of the action scenes and violence in this film only re-appeared decades later in today's action films. They say there's an uncut version out there that has even more violent scenes, that were cut from the final release.
Back in '68 I was a teenager and big fan of Rod Taylor thanks to his starring role in George Pal's The Time Machine. I wasn't prepared for Dark of the Sun's brutal final reel. Stayed with me for days.
I agree that this is a "seriously great war film". That period in the Congo should be the source of a lot more adventure films, and I've only found one that takes place there; it's called "The Siege of Jadotville" and it's told from the view of the United Nations troops who were sent into Katanga in 1961 to expel Tshombe's mercenaries and end the secession.
great review and I agree all the way. I saw this first on the CBS Late Movie in the 70s and have loved it ever since
Assista a esse filme completo no idioma inglês e legenda em português BR em:
Os Mercenários 1968 (Dark of the Sun)
Your last name is pronounced "Karashevsky" not this horrible thing you said.
Solid review of a movie I've been a fan of for longer than I'd like to admit.  Only minor quibble is that you mention Jacques Loussier's score as a QT reference/source.  As a score junkie I find it to be an excellent companion to the film, with an at times, an unexpected playfulness.  Well, playful like a barbed wired kitten.

Was wondering if you've read Wilbur Smith's original book (recently reprinted).  It's a bit darker than the film version but a solid pot-boiler.
Wish I could get my hands on the uncut version.
Thoughtful review. I prefer the title, The Mercenaries. Yvette Mimieux was gorgeous, albeit, not central to the film's over all narrative.
Netflix has some bogus story about why they're not offering this film, despite it's being released on dvd within the past year. It's an MGM film, so their excuses about there maybe being copyright issues are nonsense.

Hola. Sería my bueno que ésta excekente película fuera difundida por éste medio, y de preferencia en Español. Por favor que alguien la publique. Gracias.
Larry Karaszewski's commentaries rock! He needs to do more of these!
it is not available on netflix :(
31503 111 1 0 29
Elite commandos Rod Taylor and Jim Brown, mercenaries on a Congo strike mission, tangle with murderous rebels while seeking a fortune in hidden diamonds in Jack Cardiff's ultra-violent action classic. A Tarantino favorite. For years this has been hard to see in its original form but is now available in a new widescreen transfer with every bullet hit and body blow intact. Released overseas as The Mercenaries.

As always, you can find more great trailers and trailer commentaries at http://www.trailersfromhell.com

Listen to our podcast, THE MOVIES THAT MADE ME, where you can join Oscar-nominated screenwriter Josh Olson and TFH Fearless Leader Joe Dante in conversation with filmmakers, comedians, and all-around interesting people about the movies that made them who they are. Check it out now, and please subscribe wherever podcasts can be found.

Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-movies-that-made-me/id1412094313
Spotify: http://spotify.trailersfromhell.com
Libsyn: http://podcast.trailersfromhell.com
Google Play: http://googleplay.trailersfromhell.com
RSS: http://goo.gl/3faeG7

Follow us on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/trailersfromhel
Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/trailersfromhell
Check us out on Instagram: http://www.instagram.com/trailersfromhell
PT3M2S
hd
MovieID::::657
David Bowie?
Such an excellent rebuttal
Am supposed to be all happy that she thinks she's a boy? I can't stand all of these depraved people glorifying perversity in this modern age.
2803 15 1 0 3
In Chelsea McMullan's documentary-musical, My Prairie Home, indie singer Rae Spoon takes us on a playful, meditative and at times melancholic journey. Set against majestic images of the infinite expanses of the Canadian Prairies, Spoon sweetly croons us through their queer and musical coming of age. Interviews, performances and music sequences reveal Spoon's inspiring process of building a life of their own, as a trans person and as a musician.

Watch for screenings in Canada starting October, 2013.
PT2M10S
hd
MovieID::::658
love din kita bagay tau miss

cnu yong freind ni martin escudero dun marunong ding umarte
naglaban ang parehong pelikula ni eugene domingo
pareho ng araw ipinalabas ang zombadings at wedding tayo wedding hindi
grabe.  4times ko sia pina nuod in just 2 days. ILOVE MART ESCUDERO na tlga. :)) and honestly i hate Marian rievera pero i appreciate na nag cameo role sia dito at di nag pabayad. ilove her nadin. 10 out of 10 tong movie na to :)
English subtitles anywhere?
Lauren Young <3
i have watch this movie knina..at wlang segundong hindi aq tumatawa!!! pati ang lola.q..napapadyak pa..hahhaa..nice remington!!gling talaga!!i hope mkasama aq sa part two!! AWARD!!!!!
ano kaya ang part 2 nito? Pede kayang "Zombadings 2: 2012 Na!" anyway, ganda nito.... Awaaaaaaaard!
If di nyo pa napanood, showing siya ulit sa OCTOBER 26! Sa De La Salle-College of Saint Benilde-SDA Theater lang! Three times siya i-screen on that day! PM niyo ako or Search on FB "Zombadings Special Screening" Event. :)
ito yung moview na paulit ulit kong pinanunuod. i can't stop watching you guys!!!! AWARD!! XD
sino me kabisado nung line ni roderick sa orasyon nila nung nagtataawag ng spirits...

sa umpisa lang alam ko ahehehhee

lol omg like it
Well guy ako straigth! But I had to admit I love this movie! Super nakakatawa! Hindi sayang ang pera mo! AWAARRRDD!!!
@phretzhel you better type it in FILIPINO. "COLEGIALA mode" One of the reasons why Filipino students are deteriorating in English.
I watched this yesterday... Ang galing galing! Mahuhusay ang buong cast, hindi siya yung tipong basta lang may magawang pelikula... Direk Jade, Martin Escudero, Kerbie Zamora, Lauren Young... siyempre Roderick Paulate, Eugene Domingo... ang galing talaga! Awaaarrd!
awaaaaarrddd!!!
@mobility67 watch it bro maganda siya. matatawa ka sa buong movie. It overlapped my expectation.
nakakaaliw........ awaaard

kakapanuod qlng knina :D awaaard!
This is the time for the Philippine Indie Films to take a stand and be proud ... they come a long way now and received more awards outside the country.....
hope more and more pinoys will appreciate them now not just the mainstreams....
"malapit ka na, naaamoy na kita..."
.,akala k0h nung una baduy... kso nung pinanood k0h, it was extra-ordinary pla... I LUV IT!!!! THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIE NAH NXT TO HERE COMES THE BRIDE...
ANO TO PARANG THE WALKING DEAD pero mga bakla n zombie... tssssk

@panaceapapyrus favorite scene din naming magbabarkada na nanuod yung line ni roderick " Putangna ang sakeeet!"

YOU SHOULD WATCH THIS GUYS! super HAVEY tlga! ahahaha.


kakanuod ko lang nito kanina! super kakatwa. sarap ulit ulitn. lao na yung kissing scene nila remmington at jigs! ahahahaha
PLANTS VS. ZOMBIES INSPIRED BA ITO? SANA PAPAS VS. ZOMBADINGS NA LANG ANG TITLE NITO AT MAY  PUNCHLINE NA "ZOMBADINGS ATE YOUR EGGS!" (he...!he...!he...!)
mukhang maganda sya

I WANNA WATCH THIS FOR SOME GAY ZOMBIE SEX!!!

lol joke!
kilala ko ung lalaki! hahahahaa
just watched ds knina..super ganda, no dull moments..very worth panoorin  i luv all d cast spcecialy martin escuedero, i didn't expect dat he could portrayed somebody lyk remington,akala ko png twetums lng sya. congrats sa director. very impresive :)


1:05 "malapit kana na aamoy na kita!" hahaha. dami kong tawa!
I really wanna watch this for all it's silliness!
sa aug. 31 at sept. 1 ang showing!
di ko na binasa lahat ng comments ..... gusto ko malaman kailan ang showing nito sa mga movie theater at kailan at saan....?

thanks
AKOGAYDITO
funny talaga. galing ng director. superb cast, bagay xa role c martin escudero.sana big hit puhon watch tau lahat para hapi

darwin fsuyat
title pa lang. shokot! LOL. :))
hahaha. kapit kamay tayo. *wag kayo matakot!!  (insert macho dancer)
hahahahahah laftrip

Patayin Sa Shokot Si Remington XD
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH laughtrip!!! :))

its really funny :))) totally laughed with this movie...
Showing ba to sa SM cinema? tska kailan?


Ah. August 2 and 3 here at LB.. woot.
yay! excited na sa screening later sa ccp. ;)
haha! bongga

super sa kuletz.. :))

NICE! super kaloka .. wahahahha! cant wait to watch this~  :))
july 23 for its Cinemalaya screening...
konting tiis nalang!

another crappy movie.
@takahashi1115  meron syang special screening on 23 July/Sat, 11:45PM Tanghalang Nicanor Abelardo (Main Theatre)...sa Aug. 31st showing nito in nationwide

@castrojun101 meron syang special screening on 23 July/Sat, 11:45PM Tanghalang Nicanor Abelardo (Main Theatre)...sa Aug. 31st showing
where can i watch this?
ang kulit! I can't wait for this! :))
is going to watch this hahhaha

Taaagaaalll!
Kaloka xa infairness!!
patapos na ang March di pa pinalalabas,,lols

tagal na neto. kelan ba ipapalabas?
hahaha....katawa to!!
ahaha. very first ever funny tagalog zombie flick ;p
this looks nice. all star cast. :)
any link for this? and for d' survivors?
kailan showing nito?..
wahaha natawa ako sa manghuhula... nyahahah may matcho dancer talaga sa likod! nyahah
i guess the title should be "Zombadings (Shutayin sa Shokot Si Remington)" LOL
hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
kailan to ilalabas?

"malapit ka na..naamoy na kita"...bagay  to sa isang kakilala ko...haha
kelan to? XD
very funny indeed. will watch this.
very funny indeed! will watch this.
omg!!! kalerkey
well, i bet my butt you guys saw this trailer from the mmff. :P
whahaha! dame ko tawa xD
0:58-1:00 LMAO Natatawa pa rin ako hanggang ngayon. Hindi ako mahilig manood ng sine, pero kung ipapalabas to sa sine, manonood talaga ako.
San ba nakakabili ng mga ganitong movies?
Wow! nasa 12k na ang views!
wahahaha love it
nagulat ako dun sa isang part. :)) IMBA FEEYSSS. :))
this must fun weeee....kailan po showing nito?

AYY! Kailangan panoorin ng mga mudra!
when toh guys? huhuhu. Ang ganda! Manonood si 0kz!
nice movie..Go Jaydee!!! haha
SUPER LIKE! Nkakapanabik naman mukhang maganda!
263065 404 9 0 88
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK!
www.facebook.com/remingtonthemovie

FOLLOW US ON TWITTER!
www.twitter.com/remingtontweets

Produced by: Origin8media
www.origin8media.com

Origin8's first baby is almost ready to come out! Please watch! Repost! Retweet! Share the love!

Origin8ed by: Raymond Lee
Screenplay by: Raymond Lee, Michiko Yamamoto, Jade Castro
Directed by: Jade Castro
PT1M14S
sd
MovieID::::659
Love this movie!! I Will see it soon!
This is soooo good! I laughed every minute of the movie! I really liked it!
It`s a really good movie!!. people don`t vote this negative just because it`s not in English! give this movie an oportunity!
We just saw this a few days ago! We made a video of our discussion & posted it on our channel. Check it out.
107317 110 18 0 4
3 spoiled children forced to do the unthinkable : get a jo !
Join us on Facebook http://facebook.com/FreshMovieTrailers
One of Mexico's highest-grossing films of all time is coming in select AMC theaters across the United States on Friday, November 1, 2013

3 spoiled 'juniors'—the term used in Mexico to describe the rich children of the country's elite class— get cut off from their family fortune and are forced to work for the first time.

WE ARE THE NOBLES Trailer
(NOSTROS LOS NOBLES)
Directed by Gaz Alazraki
Starring Gonzalo Vega, Karla Souza, Luis Gerardo Méndez, Juan Pablo Gil, Ianis Guerrero

© Pantelion Films

Subscribe now to our youtube channel get the latest movie trailers, clips and promo videos !
PT1M47S
hd
MovieID::::660
Your right David.
THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES..WHAT A CAST!!!!!
7928 23 0 0 5

PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::661
Was the movie shot in color ?
Good times, when circuses had animals
Yep...the last 3-4 minutes was P.R., and in reality when the rubber hits the road...the gulag, work and industrial communes in the Urals,  Wonder what the producers got for making this film?
from 9 : 00 to 10 : 00 soundtrack used for the Elem Klimov war movie "Come and See", fantastic scene when Glasha dance on a wood chunk.
pretty nice movie:) it was mentioned in my lecture on USSR history, thanks for uploading, ClownTube!
could you please load some more Russian movies with English subtitles or dubbed, Jolly Fellows, for example, or Cinderella. Only a very poor versions and not in color are available... :(
Thank you so much to present it! I have been looking everywhere for this movie with English subtitles and I have found it on your site and even in COLOR!!!! Many thanks!
When this movie was produced in 1936, the Soviet Union was at the height of the Great Purge, and a lot of innocent people were shot to death or sent to concentration camps. In spite of Stalin`s ruthless rule, this motion picture was very cheerful and sophisticated as if this film was made in Hollywood. The heroine was described as an American, and it implied that Russian moviegoers had a longing for American way of life at that time. However, just like other Soviet cinema, the end of this motion picture propagandized the superiority of the Soviet Union where people could lead a happy life irrespective of colors of skins.
17643 94 3 0 15

PT1H28M35S
hd
MovieID::::662
Holy shit! It's Gilligan! This was pretty ballsy of Bob. Talk about trying to stretch as an actor. Well on the other hand he was Maynard G. Krebs before he was Gilligan. But Maynard was more comical.
why is hard to find this full film ?
the Dusty Springfield song brought me here...
I want out
Gilligan gone wild!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
11525 36 1 0 6

PT2M58S
sd
MovieID::::663
7006 16 0 0 0
Romantic comedy starring Doris Day and Rod Taylor.
PT3M3S
sd
MovieID::::664
Always laughing when i saw them running with hatchet. Hhahaha
Good movie but I’m baffled by the end. Anyone who’s seen it can help me out pls?
The director was convicted of pedofilia his name was Victor salvation it's the director or writer or something can't remember
fuck you...jaja Why does she love's my mother?
That looks sic!
tobin bell can better take his time for a SAW 8 movie. this is crap shit
Same shit as Jeepers Creepers.
Victor Salva .... fuck this guy ! Google his name and you'll find out why i hate him , and he's still a movie director
this looks like a inde horry copy
Why does she love's my mother?
good movie
Don't support this film or its director.

The director in question, Victor Salva, is a total piece of shit. In 1990 he was convicted & sentenced for forcing a 12 yr old actor to give & receive oral sex on set of his first film Clownhouse.  Salva kept a camera rolling during the whole thing, adding it to his CP collection.

You'd think Salva would be ostracized from the industry after this, right? Not a chance. After being released from prison he was HIRED BY DISNEY to direct Powder!

This guy is a piece of shit and so is anyone who works with him. But don't take my word for it. Google this loser and see for yourself.
pedazo de mierda
Wow I just watched this movie. Its a low budget film but well done on a a scale of 1-10 10 being highest. I give it an 11. I could not keep my eyes off it. Much better then drag me to hell,or momma..
I think it's a really good movie the baby at the end is my lil boy Marshall he is now passed away rip Marshall we love u and miss u
da vedere!!!!
243315 188 56 0 27
DARK HOUSE Official Trailer for the horror movie directed by Victor Salva and starring Luke Kleintank, Alex McKenna, Anthony Rey Perez.

When Nick Di Santo learns that his father is not only alive but can possibly reveal the origin of his son's dark gift, he sets out on a trip that takes him to an abandoned mansion he thought only existed in his childhood imagination.

Release Date: 11 March 2014
Director: Victor Salva
Cast: Luke Kleintank, Alex McKenna, Anthony Rey Perez
Genre: Horror, Thriller
Country: USA

FilmIsNow your first stop for the latest new cinematic videos the moment they are released. Whether it is the latest studio trailer release, an evocative documentary, clips, TV spots, or other extra videos, the FilmIsNow team is dedicated to providing you with all the best new videos because just like you we are big movie fans.

Click to Subscribe: http://bit.ly/SubFIN
Check our G+ Page: http://goo.gl/Slx3tQ
Check our Website: http://www.filmisnow.com
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/UFZaEu
Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/filmisnow
PT2M37S
hd
MovieID::::665
Film préféré de Staline
7071 11 0 0 1
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 13-17: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::666
41 Menschen ohne Humor.
Die einzige Serie im TV die man sich ansehen konnte. Wieso wird nicht weitergemacht?
Gestern gesehen und absolut empfehlenswert!
Lass das mal den PAPA machen!
Der PAPA macht das schon ! :D
und 2 monate nachdem Kinostart läuft er schon auf sky sowohl im free tv
gibts da nen plot?

ich liebe stromberg sooo sehr 3 hoffentlich is der film genausogut
Gott bewahre :P
Dieser Christoph Herbst ist ein Veganer.
Ich glaub ich hab Dr. Allwissend gesehen.
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh :))))
Ich freu mich drauf!!!
Wir sind Stromberg xD
138684 633 46 0 18
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u27a4' in position 160: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::667
Poor Tony Todd having to do awful films to pay the bills =(
didn't convince me -_-||
14653 10 2 0 3
Checkout the trailer for Tony Todd's newest film Dead of The Nite

http://www.horror-movies.ca
PT1M54S
hd
MovieID::::668
one of the best noir movies
2924 13 1 0 1
Movie Clip
PT1M50S
sd
MovieID::::669
3528 11 1 0 0
Trailer for Henry Koster's 1965 comedy starring James Stewart and Brigitte Bardot.
PT25S
sd
MovieID::::670
<.< Soo. Is this a funny movie like ICP just acting like assholes or is this supposed to be serious? xD

takes work making ICP that boring WTF
I didn't expect much from this movie cause I knew it's a very low budget film but I really loved the film. I love movies about various races and death scenes were impressive plus my favorite character Destruction (played by amazing Jennifer Keith) survived
is this good mov
30040 20 19 0 6
movie
PT1M4S
sd
MovieID::::671
Another awesome 80s thriller. Read the book Always by Trevor Meldal-Johnsen, where this movie was based. A classic romantic thriller with a twist. It was remake in the 90s with Emma Thompson in Dead Again.
Well spooky, just watched this one on dvd :)
:O

I'm gonna watch it right now!!!
It's on youtube now, hope you've seen it; I'm gonna watch it too:)
I'd like to watch that movie. do you know where i can download it?
5945 34 1 0 5
Theatrical trailer for the 1985 film Deja Vu. Directed by Anthony B. Richmond and starring Jaclyn Smith, Nigel Terry and Shelley Winters.
PT1M26S
sd
MovieID::::672
The full movie is on Youtube, here: https://youtu.be/-9ItFD3A4Fs.
3282 12 0 0 1

PT2M39S
sd
MovieID::::673
Im searching comments with 1 day ago
I think you thought me a raciest , i am not it just mater of like or not i talk about it is very good movies but people in middle east and west like old times movies from the same area , because Asia are so different than the rest of the world . it is a fact
what the fuck are you talkinga bout.... they are the best box office hits in china you fucking stupid white man
where can I watch it¿??
its so cool how choi si won is also in this movie too

Based on Bokko.
the battle was true on chinese history, 4000 vs 100000
OMFG here acts Siwon :O
aaaa que malos no hay subtitulado
chinese and asian movies about old tims wars are not  liked by people

Wow!!! Where is this movie full???? Siwi is in the minute 1.23...
WHERE THE FUCK IS CHAKIE CHAN?
@nomadsaber nope. russians and chinese dont have flat faces lol.
@ThePeeBottle
half part of chinese and russian peoples are mongols ;-)
@nomadsaber where's the manchu and mongol empires now? it's either under the administration of the chinese, or in a land-locked area where people write in cyrillic lol.
manchurians and mongols were warriors and conquerors. chinese.... don't think so.
@bullshitohen1 this ish also ancient chinese... y would people from back then speak english? i dont understand chinese but i wouldn't like it if they speak english since it wont seem real anymore, if you dont like it dont watch it, no need to give immature, unnecessary stupid comment. ~
@bullshitohen1 .... this is a chinese movie dipshit.. it was made in china so obviously they will speak chinese, go download a subtitle and then chill the fuck out ._.
god damn it, hundreds of years of Anglo Saxon world domination and they dont speak english in these movies. Young white guy pissed off here. ANOTHER WAR, SOMEWHERE! we been fighting the brown ones enough, lets do these chinese and make em speak english in the movies! they got WMD's right, lets get em
@itzMeBitch2 they rnt doin to bad :3 good tucka cunt
@AustralianKing19 ahoy g'day mate...hows the kangaroos?
@fahadyasin100 we all know that asians dont get tits ;)
@AlexeiXPetrovich more than 1 million ppl live there, so it's easier to film them in the war movies :p
240p my old enemy.
im sure siwn is at 1:43

@fahadyasin100 nice1 m8
@Baphomet600
U can search some information of Mohist School thought first~ :  )

Takeshis castle
great    great   great
was this based off of the  battle of wits in the princes bride?
@deathl0ck4  ping pong lao king kong howar pola
@keesdecrip  cha cho chah ko po lo
I just hate how the king is a coward and ass hole
How is he a king??
@eeyorelm09 IN MY ASS!!!
Brilliant display of military formations in this film... one of my favourites....
Got to love them war epics.
very good movie very much like kakuri from Bokko, and if any of you have read the mohist military manual the movie portrays it well.
@LiouTao well, if he did, then that's really cool
@redbutterfly456 I don't think so, based on wikipedia he started learning the language in 2004.  Plus, the credits don't say anything about who dubbed him.  I think he spoke Mandarin legitely.
poor Siwon had to die...
@LiouTao yeah, but this was back in '06 right? Siwon's probably really limited in chinese...so he probably spoke in Korean
@redbutterfly456 I don't think so, I'm thinking they did the film in Mandarin. The Zhao General was played by a Korean too, but he spoke with a very Heavy Korean Accent.  I dunno, when I watched the film on DVD, it only had two languages, Mandarin and English.  I'm thinking they did the film in Mandarin and redubbed it in Cantonese for Cantonese viewers
In the end, Ge Li is proven to be the master of military tactics and strategy. He is able to keep his mind calm and his emotion in check. He does not let pride and personal feeling to intervene in his planning. Liang state's General Niu is a man with brute strength and blind loyalty to a tyrant king. Zhao General is a master tactician but he is very ruthless and is obsessed to kill Ge Li as symbol of his success. In the end, he realized that he is no match for Ge Li.
Nice movie you can watch this at allasianflix. com
ahhh

ok

thank you! :]
From 1:22 until 1:30. That's definitely him if you look closely but the voice ... does not sound like his voice. He may have had a voice over, you know? Lots of people will argue with me on this one, saying it's not him because he doesn't sound like that but you've gotta look carefully at that short part of the preview. It's DEFINITELY him.
where is he?

cant see him in this trailer 0_o
I loved this movie! i saw it the past weekend and now i wanna see it again! XD
it's a Hong Kong film, and since I doubt he can speak Cantonese fluently enough for it, they probably had him speak Korean and then do a voice over with a voice actor
I never noticed Siwon was in this, haha. But now I do! And he looks amazing!
wow i saw this movie in my chinese class and didn't even notice Siwon was in till now, gosh i'm slow lol
I SEE SIWON! :))))


Yah, his hairstyle here is really unforgiving but hey, let's just concentrate on his gorgeous face alright? ;D

I'm so going to watch this movie soon! I like Andy Lau as well, he's a very good actor. Of course, I'm here to watch my most favourite Super Junior of all time! Hwaiting Choi Si-won!
Yeah it is him. I got mine from an asian website
I think that's him at 1:23, but it doesn't sound like him at all. Even though Siwon knows enough to hold his own in a conversation for a while, this was before SJM, and I don't know if he was fluent enough to pull of his lines in this film.
i think thats siwon at 1:01 or maybe 1:24 looks like him!
siwon can speak chinese cause he's Super Junior-M
where's SIWONNIE??!!
almost the same shit as the three kingdoms!
where can u buy this movie bro?
Did they dub over his voice in the movie?
Sry guys, but i cannot understan that shit
Kool!  When is this out?
606983 242 28 0 66
Starring Andy Lau
PT2M18S
sd
MovieID::::674
Does anyone know what the track played in the trailer?
Best comedy film for me!Hahahaha its so good.I wanna spend one day and night like actors in story of this film ahahahha
You guys know where i can watch it with english subtitles?
its funny as hell ...anyone who love comedy movie should watch it ....it won't disappoint
pourquoi l'image est si dégeux
awesome!! thanks god it was in my country and i went to see it!
I am French so it is better
I need to see this!
Saw the film and it was the best!!! Definitely good just like Project X
-The cops are on our back !
-I cant see you ! I cant see you ! =]]]
| can fucking sEE THE PIXELS FFS, terrible quality.
This looks like French Project X ..
french film , i wont even bother :))
This movie is fucking awesome!!! AHAHA!
AMAZING MOVIE!!!
337624 299 39 0 25
Directed by : Philippe Lacheau, Nicolas Benamou
Produced by : Axel Films, Madame Films
Genre: Fiction - Runtime: 1 h 25 min
French release: 16/04/2014
Production year: 2013

Lacking a babysitter for the weekend, Marc Schaudel leaves his son Rémy and home in an employee's hands before heading off to join his wife elsewhere. According to Marc, Franck, the employee in question, is a "serious guy." Except that Franck is turning thirty that very evening and Rémy is a nasty little brat.
Early the next morning, Marc and his wife Claire are woken by a call from the police. Rémy and Franck have disappeared.
In the middle of the couple's home, which is in a dreadful state, a member of the police has found a camera. Marc and Claire are astounded to discover images taken during the night before.

More info: http://en.unifrance.org/movie/36349/babysitting
PT1M53S
hd
MovieID::::675
Oli hyvä lehva c:
Yksi huonoimmista elokuvista mitä olen ikinä nähnyt.
Tykkäsiiin::D Mutta joo, jakaa varmasti kansan kahtia,
TÄÄ OLI IHAN TÄYTTÄ PASKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
mie niiin haluan nähdä tämän leffan! vaikuttaa ihan mahtavalta!
Tässä on maailman paskin leffa!
uskomatonta p*skaa :(
Ihan huvittava leffa, poikkeaa kaikesta muusta perinteellisestä leffatuotannosta, mutta silti se nauratti. :D
@Nitewolf71 Kyllä, olin katsomassa ennakkonäytöstä Kajaanissa.
Jollain tapaa oletin, että jes, kun SUomalaiset tekee kerrankin erilaista...
...erilaista paskaa siis. Kyllä sai leffasta järkeä etsiä kaukaa.
Nyt on tehty vähän erilailla asioita.
24411 35 18 0 12
Ensi-ilta 23.09.2011
PT1M17S
hd
MovieID::::676
Matchstick is a Joker copy
I haven't seen this movie (yet). What lifetime is in this movie? 30's, 40's, 50's? If so, than it's strange to see a modern Chevrolet @ 1:33. Anyone?
Shit film. Sorry.
@friiksquirrel Exactly! I loved Doug in Punisher War Zone! Just wish he wouldn't have died, lol
hands down one of the best written detective movies ever. its just so good. everything the acting the cinematography the plot the pacing, everything.
@fLaShyOUrLiFe It's more like classic detective noir meets Tarantino.
Dough Hutchison's character is a complete, blatant rip-off of Heath Ledger's Joker.
Can someone please tell me who the actor is at .59 with Thomas Jane? I recognise him but can't place where I've seen him before. Thanks.
Jane looks like the bes thing about this insane hilarious looking movie.
1:02-1:04 and 1:07-1:10 Love Doug Hutchinson
Why the fuck haven't I seen this movie?
@TheHuntress144 it wasn't a bad movie, kind of like a noir Punisher.  It's funny though, Thomas Jane seems to do whatever movie he feels like, it's like he's the new Bruce Campbell.
@cranfield1 I agree. I think he casted this guy, coz he hopes to get similar succes to highlander. but it didn´t work. What a shitty movie !
This movie is good....the first two minutes. Not a new, but amusing style with a couple of litres blood in it.

And after that....it hella sucked. Uah, it´s so damn boring, It´s not cool, it´s NOT Sin City, and yes, NO Christopher Lambert. Seems Russel Mulcahy tried to make a good movie casting a clone of Mr. Lambert. But, boy..... no Highlander anymore. This movie is simply a piece of crap !!!!!
anyone please can you tell me the soundtracks from this movie......?
suck my sinatra
@iworkwiththedead he was awesome dude I love this movie I loved every minute of it and the ending was great lets hope they do a sequel.
so says the guy named after a batman villain lol grow the fuck up man please
if u think collateral had class then u need to stop watching movies all together dude lol.
anything with tom jane is so fucking epic I need to buy this movie now
"Do you think it's my personality?"
"Maybe it's your face." *massive headbutt*

Such a FUCK YEAH moment.
Did i just see a nipple??!!! on YOUTUBE??!!
awesome movie, watch this movie for free at FRIDAYMOVIES. ORG
93755 76 7 0 24
Malone (Thomas Jane) is a private eye with a reputation for being tough  so tough that he can't be killed. Sent to retrieve a briefcase from a seedy hotel, bullets fly as he walks into a trap. Pursued by the citys most notorious crime boss and his henchmen Boulder (Ving Rhames), Matchstick (Doug Hutchison) and the beautiful, yet deadly Mauler (Chris Yen), Malone battles to protect the cases mysterious contents and a bombshell client who may be more trouble than shes worth.

BONUS FEATURES: Interviews with Thomas Jane, Elsa Pataky and Doug Hutchinson.
PT2M36S
sd
MovieID::::677
Some day, this video shall have 77,000 likes.
all i can think of during the opening is samurai jack
27626 216 3 0 3
Wed. February 12th, FREE Admission. Doors at 8, Film at 9.
PT2M18S
sd
MovieID::::678
Where can I find the music of the film?
She doesn't love him anymore? This is the opposite of a love marriage
Why guy below say "scum" with an extra M?  I guess he no like Jews. Anyway, this is a good but depressing movie, whether you be Jew-y or not.
She is hot I would glad to bang her
Good movie i just saw it
10012 52 4 0 6
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Gett: The Trial of Viviane Amsalem Official Trailer 1 (2015) - Drama Movie HD

An Israeli woman (Ronit Elkabetz) seeking to finalize a divorce (gett) from her estranged husband finds herself effectively put on trial by her country’s religious marriage laws in this powerhouse courtroom drama from sibling directors Shlomi and Ronit Elkabetz. In Israel, there is neither civil marriage nor civil divorce; only Orthodox rabbis can legalize a union or its dissolution, which is only possible with the husband’s full consent. Trapped in a loveless marriage, Viviane Amsalem has been applying for a divorce for three years, but her religiously devout husband Elisha (Simon Abkarian of CASINO ROYALE and PERSEPOLIS) continually refuses. His cold intransigence, Viviane’s determination to fight for her freedom, and the ambiguous role of the rabbinical judges shape a procedure where tragedy vies with absurdity and everything is brought out into the open for judgment.
PT1M47S
hd
MovieID::::679
3577 3 14 0 0
High Quality (480p) Video detailing the beginning and proceedings of the NSA mass surveillance program. Original Source:



Kata Paman sam wahaber itu kampunghan :]



Documentary | Frontline: Secrets of the Vatican (2014) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Pope Benedict's final d.



PLEASE SUBSCRIBE---------- pbs frontl.
PT1M40S
hd
MovieID::::680
20890 32 4 0 0

PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::681
Smartness is important in marriage and in a relationship and I’m glad that cyberhackinggenius helped cloned my husband’s phone. I got access to all his dealings both on phone and social media without touching his phone. All I did was share my husband’s phone number with Cyberhackinggenius and I was able to read both his new and deleted messages from my phone without having to touch his phone. My husband was a cheating Narcissist and I’m glad to find out all his secrets and infidelity with the help of cyberhackinggenius. I’m here in UK and able to access my husband’s phone messages with a link on my phone even while he was away in Canada cheating on me. I got to discover that my husband who is legally married to me here in UK is also recently married to another woman in Canada and I’m finally going through a divorce with lots of evidence against him. I read all deleted and recent chats on his Whatsapp, Twitter,Facebook,Instagram messages and Skype. You can contact this great hacker “Gavin” via Gmail  (cyberhackinggenius) or text and speak to him directly on his phone and WhatsApp : +19256795146 and I hope you find peace with your heart after finding the truth.
This is not a horror film, this is a detective story. It was inspired in the case of BTK whose wife said she did not had idea about what his husbad did. King though "what if she would have known..."
This movie is garbage.
"You know what they say- two can keep a secret, if one of them is dead." Ok outside of a family of psychos, WHO ON EARTH EVER SAYS THAT?!?!?!
When are they going to make Rose Madder into a film? Can't  wait
A pile of shit...
Don't waste your time watching it!!!
Does anyone know the name of the scary movie on tv in this film at the 14 minute mark?
stupid white people
This movie was way too slow for it's own good. Also, the Darcy character is a selfish bitch who never goes to the police because she can't be bothered.
Man U unreal
i read the book
He wrote this movie after being inspired by the BTK killer.
I don't want to get married now
This is on Netflix until 1/29/17.  I'm a huge King fan, have all of his books but for some reason, this movie just looks bland.
hmm.. needs better pacing. I can see how the book would be amazing.
im watching this now
11/10 would watch again
is anyone else riminded a little bit of 4th dexter season?
It's a good movie idk why everyone bitching it was good
This movie is just like Before I Go To Sleep :)
This reminds me of a mix of..."What lies beneath" and "Mr.Brooks".
Does anyone remember Apt Pupil,  nuff said
This was a descent movie.
I hope King's novel Doctor Sleep is turned into a movie, or a mini 3 part series like Rose Red and IT, and Storm of the Century.
What is this story all about? I dont understand while watching the whole movie..
Is anyone else reminded a little bit of What Lies Beneath?
I'll be watching it anyway despite the comments.
I might like it who knows?
Is the movie translate in french ?
If you like his books this movie is definitely worth watching. Its a little less exciting than many other blockbuster thrillers these days but Kings charming deep characters make up for that pretty good.
Dull. Story been done so much better before.
I want you to teach me val... everything u know!!! TEACH ME!!!
Finally she shows us her sweet cleavage once again. Tired of her covering the shit up ha ha. Her voice is so annoying....muted.
i hate that woman with that awful accent at the end. in a very terrible voice saying some most uninteresting sht (i'm sorry if this offend someone ,but there is too much of her in trailers on youtube). please, go away
When the old man at the end was in the hospital he should of just faked the whole thing and recorded her confessing. Man! That would be a hell of a ending.
Wow, this actually looks pretty good, I really don't want it to suck, I absolutely adored the novella!
this movie was better than all the shitty reviews..give it a try if u find the trailer appealing
Lol omfg lol two can keep a secret if one of. Them is dead. Marelne should pll freaks watch this
The movie drags a lot.  This one would have made a better short film.
DAT WUS IN INTRESTIN MOVEE FAKT
Pretty little liars reference
please have a novice grasp of english before thinking ur a cute ass star...(good grief)
I just saw stephen king in the title, and watched the movie right away.

Don't make the same mistake I did. Nothing happens in this movie. It has the same boring pace from start to end. Awful, boring, slowpaced and just generally a shitty movie to be honest.
balls was here
...Not believable...What stupid idiot wife would stay with her hubby if this were true....Hard to get into the movie for thinking during the whole thing...Why didn't she go to Police when she had a chance!!! Totally ridiculous....not your ordinary hubby & wife...but I liked the part when she pushed him off the stairs...
ugly bitxh at the end make the thriller compleet
clicked this because i thought it was morgan freeman in the screen cap
stepfather...remake..perhap's
just like stepfather movie without the kids lol
the goodfather
This movie was kinda boring and slow.
I didnt like it, it was too slow, and voice of the old man at the end :s
Just watched it awhile ago and its really good. a must watch.
"Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead" total Pretty Little Liars line from the song XD CX
when does it come to the movies
Supped up btk story yea btk had my city terrified
Can't wait!    SK is the best!
Does anybody know when the Cell adaptation will be released? They started filming it some months ago and the only thing they published is a picture of a scene.
They should do Fair Extensions
This was filmed in my town!!!!!
Is this one of his short stories? What collection is it from?
From that novel they shoulda made a movie of 1922 that was one of my favorites
At least her husband has a hobby that gets him out of the house---
I expected this to be better. The novel is one of my favorites, but this... It just ruined it.
It's a Steven King novel, generally that means good source material.
668187 692 70 0 115
A GOOD MARRIAGE Official Trailer 1 (2014) - Stephen King Thriller HD starring Kristen Connolly, Joan Allen, Stephen Lang and directed by Peter Askin

Stephen King's adaptation of his novella A Good Marriage. After 25 years of a good marriage, what will Darcy do once she discovers her husband's sinister secret?

Release date: 3 October 2014 (USA)
Director: Peter Askin
Stars: Kristen Connolly, Joan Allen, Stephen Lang
Genre: Thriller
Country: USA
https://www.facebook.com/AGoodMarriage

FilmIsNow your first stop for the latest new cinematic videos the moment they are released. Whether it is the latest studio trailer release, an evocative documentary, clips, TV spots, or other extra videos, the FilmIsNow team is dedicated to providing you with all the best new videos because just like you we are big movie fans.

Click to Subscribe: http://bit.ly/SubFIN
Check our G+ Page: http://goo.gl/Slx3tQ
Check our Website: http://www.filmisnow.com
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/UFZaEu
Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/filmisnow
PT2M29S
hd
MovieID::::682
She does look like his granddaughter, not his bit of fluff- she was to take off, back to NY/Broadway where she came from, when Arliss came calling with this role; she never looked back! Thanx George, and Mr. Kimmel...
Love Davis.   Even in these early starlet roles, you cant take your eyes off her.  But as for the legendary George Arliss, he looks like a Cadaver warmed over.  The title should be the Man who Played or Cheated Death.
That lip rouge on Arliss is just too much.
Arliss was such a great actor, but ugly and skeletal-looking: too old for this role; the 1922 version may be more believable.
Ah, the movie which "saved" Bette's  movie career!
3598 29 1 0 5
Purchase The Man Who Played God here: http://bit.ly/1xanNQ1

Just one moment of courage is all it takes. Distraught after losing his hearing, renowned pianist Montgomery Royle teeters on his window ledge, high above Central Park. His manservant saves him, then hands him binoculars to view the world he nearly left. Royle reads the lips of a troubled young couple and realizes other people suffer - and that he has the resources to help them. As Royle, George Arliss reprises one of his best- known silent roles. He personally selected Bette Davis, whose career was stalled, to play his fiancee, more in awe of the older man than in love with him - and thus began her legendary career at Warner Bros. Forever grateful to Arliss, Davis was delighted to reteam with him the next year in The Working Man. Two more cast members also went on to Hollywood fame: a fresh-faced, uncredited Ray Milland as one of the people Royle aids, and soon-to~be gossip columnist Hedda Hopper as a Santa Barbara socialite.
------
1,500+ Rare films, TV movies, and series on DVD and Blu-ray direct from Warner Bros. Studio. http://www.warnerarchive.com
PT3M1S
sd
MovieID::::683
24503 48 3 0 0
Filmmaker Stephanie Soechtig on her film "Fed-Up," which premiered in the U.S. Documentary Competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and opens in theaters on Friday, May 9th, 2014.

Learn more about "Fed Up" at: http://filmguide.sundance.org/film/13943/fed_up

The Official YouTube Channel of the Sundance Film Festival, presented by the non-profit Sundance Institute.

Enjoy up-to-the minute coverage of the Festival, including filmmaker panels, interviews and behind-the-scenes footage.
PT2M38S
hd
MovieID::::684

PT1M48S
sd
MovieID::::685
Crítica de la película en pablorodriguezcinefilo.blogspot.com.es/2013/04/tesis-sobre-un-homicidio.html

20049 33 6 0 1
Más Info http://www.trailersyestrenos.es

Roberto Bermúdez, especialista en derecho penal, ve alterada su vida cuando se convence de que Gonzalo, uno de sus mejores alumnos, ha sido el autor de un brutal asesinato justo frente a la Facultad de Derecho. Decidido a revelar la verdad sobre el crimen emprende una investigación personal que pronto se transformará en obsesión y lo arrastrará inevitablemente hacia sus zonas más oscuras. La verdad está cada vez más cerca, pero... ¿a qué precio?

Estreno en España: 5 de Abril de 2013

(El trailer pertenece a la productora y distribuidora de la película y ha sido subido sin ánimo de lucro).
PT1M4S
hd
MovieID::::686
33 0 0 0 0
Cabrainnnnnnnn
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::687
Yes I would love to watch it if only I could understand what these irish or scottish people are saying.  Wish they could speak proper english.
The name of this movie is almost like an Indian movie's name
"Countries have been bombed for less." True that!
I was a PSNI officer too mate, did you go to the premiere?
This looks pretty good. I will go see this.
Looks good :)
the film was amazing watched it at the waterfront in belfast

Was at the European premiere of this the other night. Great movie!
I know the twins at 0:17. went to school with one of them. this is wierd, but awesome.
Is that Varys?
Brendan Fraser is back!!!! :D:D:D

Can’t wait to see the movie


Huh, this actually looks pretty good.
DOWNPATRICK!!! :D
i live in the town this was filmed, and i didn't expect it to look this good! Can't wait to see it! :)
brandon fraser needs to go to the gym and make another mummy movie fuck the reboot unless it has robert downey jr or at least a good cast that dont have actors being changed everytime like the mumme 3 eve -.- ehh lol
im annoyed that i want to see a fraser movie...looks good.
this looks hilarious, but WHEN does it come out? they just say that it comes out soon.
This looks brilliant!
Chief O'Brien!
fantastic


The movie seems to be very funny and cool but I somehow think that it looks like a low budget production... well, compared to other titles from 2012. I don't think that this will affect the movie in a very negative way because the story doesn't need any big effects.
94221 160 14 0 25
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Whole Lotta Sole Official Trailer #1 (2012) - Brendan Fraser Movie HD

The story centers on a botched fish market robbery that leads to the involvement of the local police and a gangster out for revenge.
PT2M39S
hd
MovieID::::688
where can i watch this? :(
I can't find it anywhere online :( whyy
where can i watch this film?
14620 368 0 0 14
A scene of Katatsumori a filmic diary by Naomi Kawase
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::689
1:08 is that gaetana koprbin?
This movie is from 1991, yet it's referred to as an 80's movie by South Park and Always Sunny In Philadelphia
Ava Fabian was the best thing in the movie.
sponsored by the noble gas, neon.
Where is Chadtronic!
this is kinna movie you'd like get drunk/high to, and after 20 years recall it as classic movie
this movie came out in 1991 the year I was born great movie.
Bo and Abe from They Came from Outer Space?
NEVER STOP PARTYING!
90s movies weren't very realistic...
1990 Ski Patrol movie made 18 million, it inspired garbage Ski School in 1991 which grossed 18 thousand dollars...I'm not joking.
I hope everyone in this movie never acted again...the lead guy was a 80's Artie Lang.
his ankles are surely broken
Its always sunny in philadelphia brought me here
The Gang Hits The Slopes!
Stan Marsh? Stan DARSH is more like it!
I bought the vhs from Amazon.
correction; this is "ski school2 1994", this isn't the original.
"Better off dead" with John Cusack
If you loved this then Google USA UP ALL NIGHT or go to Wikipedia and look up USA UP ALL NIGHT. There you will find a link to my website dedicated to USA UP ALL NIGHT and the fans!
Reid, you animal!
Originally, his character was named Dave Marshall. But they changed it for whatever reason to Marshak. Every time they say his name in the movie, it's overdubbed. They say Marshall, but you hear Marshak.
"Dave Marshall"??
i spanked my monkey to this movie more times then I can count..lol
I'm the first here from Roosterteeth. YES!
Dave Marshak, not Marshall. Weird. Also weird that I know that.
1:08 - she is a very good reason to watch this
That is great to hear that you saw it on Showtime. I loved Showtime when they use to show skin flix at night.
I saw it on Showtime.
that's JohnNEEE Roland
I loved watching this back in the day on USA Network and USA UP ALL NIGHT! So, if you loved movie like this then come check out the website that is dedicated to USA UP ALL NIGHT and the fans of the show. Just Google USA UP ALL NIGHT and you will find us or go to Wikipedia and look up USA UP ALL NIGHT. At the bottom of the page is a link to our website. Thank you for the time!



Rob
Aaaah, that golden moment when the 80's hadn't quite made a full transition into the 90's
Let's get NAKED...:D Freaking classic flick.. :D
So many other movies have taken this exact concept and applied it to 'newer' ski/snowboard movies.
@pedalpunk57  maybe ski patrol?
@ajanderson311 100% agree

Hey anyone know the name of that other ski movie where the kid is riding around on a ski bicycle yelling"Two dollars, two dollars??"
omfg i remenber this one, one of the funniest movies ever.
@skandalous1000 Yeah go to ebay and type ski school dvd and both 1 and 2 will come up right at the top.
@humpty5990 do you know where i can get this movie as i can only find the posters on ebay?
Thanks..
There are many brand new copies of this moovies available on ebay for about $10. Just letting everyone know and also same price for the sequel ski school 2.
cool movie those were the days

This wasn't widely available to watch because of the nudity!
awesome flick!
i saw this movie years ago where can i get it from ?
284900 235 28 0 53
Trailer for Ski School (1991)
PT1M46S
sd
MovieID::::690
Thank you for the upload.
Hermoso retrato, me recordó a mi abuela, al amor que aún después de años de irremediable ausencia, sigo sintiendo por ella...
Thanks for post this. Let me be your youtube´s friend. I love Naomi kawase
Thanks, thanks
Nice to watch while drinking a cup of tea.
17431 225 6 0 7
A short movie from acclaimed japanese director Naomi Kawase about her adopted mother.
PT9M37S
sd
MovieID::::691
Just finished watching this. Something about his two close buddies doesn't seem right to me, I get this weird feeling that if they weren't doing some of his dirty work, they at least knew about it.
@simmick1 All things being equal,your statement is sound. Things are not equal,nor have they ever been. They did not overlook anything. They never put much effort in to it. There was a Green river Task force. Information was given locally,and Nationally about the case.This was not done for the Sleeper case. I literally lived 2 blocks from some of the murders,and did not know there was a serial killer lurking about near where I lived. There was a difference made in the case based on economics,strata of society,and so called race. This is nothing new in the States. It is a ugly truth,and deep debt that America has sunk in to. In part because many think what you think. It could not possibly be true,because you never,witness,and or experience such discrimination. I am not just making things up. Police officers have told my friends and I. We would not have stopped you if you were not Black.
Look up: Missing White Woman syndrome
I don't necessarily think the police overlooked this case because the victims were black, the green river killer murdered more women-more than the number confirmed , and also got away with it for decades, his victims were white. Sometimes police are just incompetent no matter what the race of the victims are-THAT'S A FACT!
The police and their apathy is disgusting! Shame on the police! Those deaths are on them!
37683 33 0 0 35
The OFFICIAL TRAILER for Tales of the Grim Sleeper, the new documentary Directed by Nick Broomfield.

Lonnie Franklin Jr. was arrested in July 2010 after a 25 year killing spree in which it is thought he could have killed over a 100 victims, potentially making him the most prolific serial killer in history. Significantly his arrest was not the product of painstaking detective work but completely accidental, the result of a computer DNA match that linked him to a possible 20 victims. Franklin now awaits trial. Tales of the Grim Sleeper looks into how it was possible for all this to happen.

Screening in Los Angeles December 11th - 17th at the Laemmle Playhouse 7
PT56S
hd
MovieID::::692
I just saw this in a compilation and just howled! And now I find out it's a classic. No wonder!
Its on DVD try to get it a Fantastic movie  !
Good movie. I miss my youth...
That sucks it shows preview but not the movie
My parent's home in Hoboken for good at the TV day parlor area of this broadcast in 1973  thank God I'm not in Woodbridge where I was in 1971 two years earlier. Woodbridge State School in 1971 to Hoboken in 1973.
RIP Jan Michael Vincent, Jack Weston, George Kennedy, Bradford Dillman, Charles Aidman, Jim Davis, and Boris Sagal.
My God!  I think I remember this film.  I'm sure I saw it back oh so long ago.
George Kennedy is a stalwart of fucking american kick ass acting.
It does prove Jan Michael Vincent was a pretty decent person. I wish all the ABC Movies of the week would return.
This is one of my favorite films. It holds your interest from beginning to end. I hope the entire movie gets posted on youtube soon.
They had a few "rip-off" movies like this so kids could watch. They made this since most kids couldn't go see" Deliverance." They also did an "Enter the Dragon" one for TV. Both of them god in they're own rights.
forget your friends take the money  $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Good movie that needs to be on Youtube or on quality DVD.   Saw only once years ago and never forgot it.
WHY do they TEASE us with only the intro ...?
Of course this TV made movie was developed after the infamous/famous "D.B. Cooper" heist in 1971.. I have this on VHS. Great flick
Wow, look at these ancient graphics?

I'm going to save this video just to be able to keep them.
I saw this when it was first broadcast. I remember my mother calling George Kennedy a "dirty son of a B----h". (referring to his character, not the actual person)
I composed the score for this film - and remember thinking at the time how good the cast and direction was.  I kept hoping it would get a theatrical release some day.
This movie is available on Amazon as a manufacture-on-demand title (DVD-R). So it may not play in all players. I ordered it a while back and it's as good as I remembered.
...and to think that opening sequence was done all mechanically.  Not a single shred of electronic imagery there....a marvel of its time.

Shame. It's a darn good film.

Sorry, I do not have the movie itself
robatsea2009, do you have the full movie? I have never seen it and wish someone would post it here.
Someone needs to put this entire movie up on YouTube. It doesn't seem to exist anywhere.
Hey, was the film "A Simple Plan" based on this? Similar premise!
I had the music intro stuck in my head for years... certain tones or bars if you will... and couldn't figure out prior to Youtube where I heard it. Yes, obviously my parents allowed me to watch some prime time television in the early 70s... ;-)
I SO LOVE THE OPENING ALSO. DELIEVER US FROM EVIL WAS A GREAT TV MOVIE TOO.
God I love that intro. You should post every one that you have
"DELIVERANCE" meets D.B. Cooper.
that tv movie suspense thriller on ABC Tv possibly aired in the spring of 1973!
25575 91 2 0 42
The classic Tuesday Movie of the Week bumper for the 1973 thriller "Deliver Us From Evil", directed by Boris Sagal and starring George Kennedy, Jan-Michael Vincent, Bradford Dillman, Jack Weston, Jim Davis, and Charles Aidman.
PT1M2S
sd
MovieID::::693
Cure song? Well, now I have to watch it!
watch hundreds of gay movies on http://dekkoo.com
so I´ve watch the movie,,but I didn´t understand the final scene o_o ..can somebody explain it to me?? please
On my top ten <3
omg . l saw this movie yesterday and made me cry.
This is an AMAZING movie people, you really have to watch it
i love this movie and im just so glad he didnt do you know what :D
The movie is so good in so many ways (specially if ur a teenager who loves other guys). It captures perfectly the drama and agony of not being able to be with who u really want not to hurt the people around u, people u my love as well.. and the end was just amazing.
@roland23ization Just like Heaven?
song name pls? :$
@patcharisma lol, no, the movie is amazing.
The Cure !!!
This Movie is so bad! The actors are terrible, the songs suck and the story is so naive & boring, that it is really almost frightening!
If you like to see a good Teenage-Movie w/some gay-aspects, watch the British "Fruit-Machine" from 1988 and not this!
(Pat, Switzerland)


goog movie!!!
such an amazing movie.. never cried or laughed so much of a movie.. the soundtrack is great too.. 'tennis??!! ka faen, harru fått aids, eller?' lol :P

Yngve har shizofreni i boka.
63785 213 7 0 16
A warm and bittersweet coming-of-age story, The Man Who Loved Yngve is a pitch-perfect reflection of the critical transformative period in any young gay man's life. It's 1989, the Berlin wall is about to collapse, and the airwaves are full of the sounds of REM, The Cure and Jesus and Mary Chain. For 17-year-old Jarle, life is just about music and his ambition to create a great punk band. But when an intriguing new classmate (Yngve) arrives in school one day, he is forced to question his priorities, and deal with his burgeoning sexuality. Capturing the pure driving power of a youthful first love, this romantic drama is consistently fresh and charmingly honest.

Since its inception in 2001, TLA Releasing has been devoted to providing the best in independent cinema for LGBT audiences. With offices in Philadelphia and London, and partnership in France (Optimale/TLA), TLA Releasing is a global leader in LGBT entertainment.

Buy/rent TLA Releasing movies on YouTube: https://youtube.com/user/tlareleasing
Buy/rent TLA Releasing movies on Vimeo: https://vimeo.com/tlareleasing
Like TLA Releasing on Facebook: https://facebook.com/TLAReleasingFans
Follow TLA Releasing on Instagram: https://instagram.com/tlareleasing
Follow TLA Releasing on Twitter: https://twitter.com/tlareleasing
Follow TLA Releasing on Tumblr: https://tlareleasing.tumblr.com
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::694
Cuando un director agnóstico hace una película con la vida de los cristianos ...suelen salir estas películas ....habla de lo que ignora....
she is soooo beautiful
Vengo del futuro tranquilos todo anda bien hay algo llamado WhatsApp y es como el infrarrojo pero mejor por qué es un red social :v
que triste esa pelicula y a la vez es muy bonita
según supe, la familia de Alexia no estaba de acuerdo con la película...

saludos
47069 76 7 0 6
CAMINO es una aventura emocional en torno a una extraordinaria niña de once años que se enfrenta al mismo tiempo a dos acontecimientos que son completamente nuevos para ella: enamorarse y morir. CAMINO es, sobre todo, una luz brillante capaz de atravesar todas y cada una de las tenebrosas puertas que se van cerrando ante ella y que pretenden inútilmente sumir en la oscuridad su deseo de vivir, amar y sentirse definitivamente feliz.
PT2M26S
hd
MovieID::::695
After having seen the whole film, I felt like vomiting on the director and on everyone who enjoyed this film. Absolutely DISGUSTING!
When can we watch this movie without copyright restrictions?
88535 107 9 0 5
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
May In The Summer Official Trailer 1 (2014) - Bill Pullman Drama HD

To all appearances, May Brennan (Cherien Dabis) has it all -- intelligent, gorgeous, the recipient of raves for her recently published book and set to marry her loving fiancé Ziad (Alexander Siddig), a distinguished New York scholar. But immediately upon returning to her familial hometown of Amman, Jordan for the wedding, the cracks in her seemingly perfect life begin to show.

May's headstrong, born-again Christian mother Nadine (Hiam Abbass) disapproves of Ziad's Muslim faith and is firm in her decision to not attend the ceremony. Her sisters Dalia (Alia Shawkat) and Yasmine (Nadine Malouf) revert to behaving like rebellious teenagers as their estranged father Edward (Bill Pullman) awkwardly attempts to make amends. Confronted with the wounds of her parent's long-broken relationship, coupled with the unavoidable clash of old-world and modern values, May is lead to question the direction her life is taking. Her once carefully structured world appears to unravel as she grapples with her own truths in this fresh, exotic look at a woman caught in the crossroads between tradition and choice.
PT2M27S
hd
MovieID::::696
2209 8 1 0 0

PT2M27S
hd
MovieID::::697
Constance Zimmer and Sara Foster are hot.
This movie should be re-release in movie theaters worldwide.
That was a true Goonies toilet moment
I saw the movie. Its So Fucking Funny
yeah and a hobbit :)
sean astin is a GOONIE
Fucking funny movie!
Looks pretty funny
very funny movie! :) no clue why 5 dislikes
it's speedo torpedo! :D

Wow! 30 min that's all i could take. It sucks through and through.
This movie was pretty good, had some good laughs in it.
hhhhhhhhhahahahaha
150927 72 19 0 13
Fusing the corporate shenanigans of 9 TO 5 with OFFICE SPACE, and in the same vein as HORRIBLE BOSSES, DEMOTED boasts a star-studded ensemble cast including Michael Vartan ("Hawthorne," "Alias"), Oscar® nominated actor Sean Astin (The Lord of the Rings trilogy), Celia Weston (Observe and Report), Sara Foster ("90210," The Big Bounce), Cleo King (Pineapple Express, "Mike and Molly,"), Ron White (Horrible Bosses, Blue Collar Comedy Tour), Robert Klein (Reign Over Me) and Emmy® award winner David Cross ("Arrested Development," "Modern Family").

For Mike (Astin) and Rodney (Vartan), life is good at the Treadline Tire Company. As topline salesmen, they strut through the cubicles, taunt smarmy underling Ken "Don't Call Me Kenny!" Castro (Cross), hold court at their exclusive lunch room table, and cavort at strip clubs with their boss Bob Farrell (Klein). But when Farrell's unexpected "departure" puts Castro in charge, the guys find themselves demoted and demoralized.

Now the target of harassment from the higher ups, Mike and Rodney -- with the help of their fellow secretaries -- will not only come to appreciate how everyone contributes to the success of a small business, but just might find a way to knock ol' Kenny down a peg or two in the process, proving revenge is best served cold....just like office coffee.
PT2M29S
hd
MovieID::::698
Winona Ryder cult duh
This gives me something some strong Dear Evan Hansen vibes lol
WINONA RYDER SO FINE IN THE LAST WORLD FILM !!!!
This was a really good movie (saw the initial private screening). This indie gave Ray Romano a chance to do some acting he couldn't do working with the big studios. Yes, Wes Bentley was another story and was highly problematical (there were demeanor issues). This movie was almost single handedly done by a good friend of mine, Geoffrey Haley. He wrote the story, did the screenplay, directed it and even did the steadycam work himself as well. I'm glad this film has had some success.
great movie. the ending was fantastic. cant wait to tell my friends about this!
I really enjoyed this. the big surprise for me was how goo Ray Romano was. great character to. He definitely had some great lines. The Wes Bentley character was a bit unbelievable, but you just have to suspend believe a little. Ryder was her usual quirky self.
RIK MARTINO RANKS AMONG THE BEST ACTORS OF ALL TIME...
GLENN GREGORY ANNA MARIA FIORE BIANCO MANAGER/AGENT/PUBLICIST
323 850-8580
I know right? I actually bought the movie on impulse...never regretted a movie purchase more. Even the time I accidently bought some pirated Russian movie thinking it was Dark Knight.
Ray Romano is Manny from Ice Age :)
Lousy movie, not worth renting. I'm making a few comments on this movie because I anticipated a good movie with the star power In this one, and seeing the trailer which looked promising I bought this movie and even suffered through the whole thing ,thinking it might improve. Sorry lackluster performances, lousy script no redeeming aspects to this movie!!!!
bunch of good trailers its hard to decide what to watch
what's ridiculous?
this movie is worth watching! :) this trailer does not portray the movie well.
is it?....TILT TO LIVE!!!
cast looks GREAT! watching this
It's a great movie. One of my favourites at least.
This movie is so boring, all they do is talk and talk most of the film is so quiet. I am just being honest. The trailer fooled me lol
omg its SENECA CRANE! he looks weird without the little beard thing...
holy crap manny the mammoth!!!!!!!!
It's a pretty classic plot line.
There's this woman,
she kind of likes this other guy, he writes poems for random things for a living, and creeps on funerals, the musician needs help from the poet, the three of them hang out, the musician throws stuff.
omg. It's the game maker from the Hunger Games! :D
Actually I might be the only one who doesn't know who Seneca is ;) To me he's the guy who could make you shed a tear watching a plastic bag...
From American Beauty

omg! seneca crane! lol
Hey!! it's Seneca Crane
MANNY!!!!!!!!!!
am i actually the only one who knew about wes bentley before he was seneca, omg
Hey, Everybody loves Raymond!
I want this cliff!
wow.. i saw this ages ago and i was inlove with evan.... i can't believe i never noticed he was wes bentley
seneca crane!
guy writes suicide poems, falls for his last client's sister and is spending time with present client
dude, i need that cliff so badly....got a couple o things that needs to be thrown off!!lol..
@rainydaysunflower the worst stress theraphy ever right
STOP DOING MUSIC AND BUY THAT CLIFF!!
Winona Ryder is a national treasure you fucking scum.
1:08 HAHAHAHAHAHA made my day!!!!!!!
Boom computer!!!!!!!!!!!! Yay buy dat cliff
Lol id dump all my shit off tht cliff....
No wonder I never heard of this movie, Winona Ryder is in it. Thank god i never heard of it. Id want to kill myself too if I had to do a movie with her.
"You like this chick I can tell"

- Kermit the frog
@TheElemental1991 ye...i said the same after watching the trailer....lolz
@nadir7379 ?


Yep, this film's definately not for everyone. I senserely enjoyed it, it had its' rough edges here and there, but the core of it is profoundly moving.
what a ridiculous concept, never mind ryder, can't stand her!!!!
I heard that sound from tilt to live ahahaha xp
haha ray romano is hilarious
I have just watched this movie and I was blown away in the end! It is so slow with few comic parts but ending is.... BOOOOOOOOM!
@SuperNinjaWalrus what cliff note?!?!?!?
Was this filmed with a shoe?
'I would own a cliff so people could thrown things off of, but I'd have explosives in their stuff and watch it blow up.' I am sooo seeing this movie!
oh, its RAYMOND :D
I think ray romano just found the solution to Windows Vista!
yep, this is a Winona film!!
the guy from american beauty! :DD
@Dmclean1982 Thanks man..
WHY DOES THIS CLIFF NOT EXIST YET??????
@freakyzoe15 yes he is, now he is adult
HEY! That's the guy from American Beauty, right?!
@NewYorkS4U - sure! :DD
@Dmclean1982 It's only a bad thing if they're clear about that what's shown in the trailer is the ending, when watching a movie you can't predict when what you saw in the trailer is going to happen until it happens. Hardly any trailers give anything away, they show random clips from random scenes in the movie that compile well together and play some music in the background, there's no such thing as a spoiler in a trailer unless they literally put the words "This happens at the end" in it.
OKay... So, I'm sorry. What exactly is this trailer about? O.O
Why don't people go to imdb and READ instead of watching trailers if you only complain? You should know by now that trailers spoils alot. So don't bother. Its not unhuman to read 2 youknow.
Anything with Ray Romano in it is good.
@Dmclean1982 Idk to me the ending isn't the most important part. Whenever I read a book I always go to the end of the book and find out what happens and then continue reading from where i left off. With movies I'm always asking people how it ends if they seen it before. 'Cause to me its not about how the story ends 'cause half of the time i'm not satisfied with it. The best part is the middle, the journey. It's where all the best scenes take place. It's how you get to the end that counts.
right, hallow!. we just died... :'(
Riders aged well, still get it!
woow that guy's voice in ice age
I didn't really like the movie but I enjoyed some parts of it.
Looks like the opposite verion of Hitch lol
what would u do if u werent a musician... i would buy a cliff and have people through shit off it they dont like and blow it up...lol awesome
That guys voice is deeply annoying.
THE L(ast) WORD
@TheDarklord0211 I hate people like you, first,  never judge anyone
second, you never know what goes on it their head
third, the lol wasnt needed, grow the fuck up
k?
thank you very much
@TheDarklord0211 I hate when people say stuff like this, first of all, never judge people, in people in a movie, because you have no idea what goes on in someone's head, two grow the fuck up
kthanks
i quote a lot too...it surely 'beats having your own opinion'

hey i scare babies too! hahahaha
at 0:35 thats the guy from that show everybody loves raymond :D
@TheDarklord0211 don't judge situations you don't understand. he may seem to have the best life ever but is suffering like hell on the inside. human mind is complicated.
O....K....so i saw a whole movie in 1:55seconds......thats new.
this guy wants to kill himself?






his life is way better then mine What a dick.
Fuck you bing lee
pause at 38..isnt that the same bridge thing that appeared in Blue Valentine? :)
the song playing here is the same as Tilt to Live! =)) awesome! :D
This song is on the game 'birds'! XD
@MultiGarfield101 u r the biggest fan ever.......is that the reason u posted ur comment two times
@MultiGarfield101  u r the biggest fan ever.......is that the reason u posted ur comment two times
I think one of the best movie trailers ever is "AWAKE". One would never knw the twist that dwells within the movie until they watch it!
Winona  is still hot!
wes Bentley in this movies seems alike to Clint Dempsey
@Dmclean1982 i think u r the one who spoilt the movie..if i didnt read your bloody comment, i wouldnt know how the movie is going to end..
@lavendertwilight08

Hollywood loves realism!  ???
??? Pointless???
@thewatcher1012 My objection isn't to this movie of hers but the direction She seems to be taking. Her movies as of late have been super edgy. The Ten comes to mine. Edgyness comes with a price.
@thewatcher1012 My objection isn't to this movie of hers but the direction She seems to be taking. Her movies as of late have been super edgy. The Ten comes to mine. Edgyness comes with a price.
i loveeeeeeeeeeeee WInona Ryder.....she must get a oscar
@tahlia1992 the guy writes suicidal notes for people like wtf?
2781873 1076 133 0 121
Now on DVD, Blu-ray & Digital Download!
More info at http://www.watchimage.com/product/last-word-the/2f0a42a3-1a4a-4814-bfef-9c0200cc1cd4

An odd-but-gifted poet, Evan Merck (Wes Bentley, American Beauty) makes his living writing suicide notes for the soon-to-be departed. So when he meets Charlotte (Winona Ryder, Girl, Interrupted), the free-spirited sister of his latest client, Evan has no choice but to lie about his relationship to her late, lamented brother. Curiously attracted by his evasive charms, a smitten Charlotte begins her pursuit, forcing Evan to juggle an amorous new girlfriend, a sarcastic new client (Ray Romano, Everybody Loves Raymond) and an ever-increasing mountain of lies in this dark romantic comedy about a quirky young man who can't tell write from wrong
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::699
den er fra 2008 år den er fra bør stå i titlen
volkswagen! xD
if u could understand danish u would not wish it xD

Lidt dårlig trailer i forhold til filmen.
En gruppe af mine venner og jeg gør Volkswagen spillet, men med gule biler.
Hey hey hey, det er sq da ham der spiller Flammen i Flammen og Citronen
At times like this, I wish I could understand Danish
DION! Dion du fortsætter hvor du slap. Så jeg skal bare holde pause!
Förstår knappt någonting. :(
Jeg elsker Thure Lindhardt. Han er såå sexet!
CAN'T...UNDERSTAND...T_T
"God aften mit navn er lenart jeg skal være jeres tjener i aften" og

"VOLWAGEN!!!!!" Og "dion du forstætter hvor du slap" "så jeg skal bare holde pause?"
@VC106893 Then movie trailers are kinda boring, aren't they? :b
Love the language xD

Dont understand a single word of it... ^^
0:03  til 0:07 d: fuck hvor sjovt
den er simpelthend pisse grineren !!!!!
Fantastisk god film
Aura - I will love you Monday
Elsker Thure's parodi af Carl Mar :D
Kæft den er sjov :P
"Står jeg med strikketøj lige nu?"
''Dion du fortsætter hvor du slap.''



''så jeg skal bare holde pause'' ahhaahh XD
FUCK den ser sjov ud!!!
No - english doesn't sound like danish backwards! :D

Though that would be funny. You can probably find it on the internet. I think that most of our films in Denmark can be translated into english, or are with english subtitles.. But check on the internet! :)
hvad hed han?
didn't know that danish sounded like english backwards LOL... and english backwards does not sound like danish... at least i don't think so.
Man, Danish is so cool. It sounds like English backwards. Does English sound like Danish backwards?

I really want to find this movie somewhere (with subtitles, of course). My search continues! (:
Forstår ikke dit spørgsmål...
det var godt nok en god film jeg kan ikke vente til den kommer på DVD
total ynglings film:D!
"dian du fortsætter hvor du slap" "så jeg skal bare holde pause eller hvad?"
"Så jeg skal bare hold pause?" HAHAH !!
hersker sværd da
mandens pik er hans herskers værk ;)
den er fed :D
DEN ER SÅ FED >:D

den er bare så sjov

den sjoveste film jeg har set i dansk historie

Dion og lotte var fucking griner sammen

se den!!!xcD
Okay, nu er det mange år siden jeg sidst har leget den leg.
Ja mega, og kæft en sjov film, så den i går :)
Hahaha. Godt så. Plejer legen ik kun at være med 3x34 biler?
Var inde og se den igår, det er fucking griner!
BOBBEL!!! :D KLASK!

Min fætter sagde engang: "Postbil!" og så fik jeg en lammer....han sagde det også gjalt postbiler....man kan sgu da ikke bare sådan lave nye regler ;o)

Filmen er mega sjov!!!
FUCK Mick Øgendal er sjov , HAHAHAHAHAHAH ;D
Superfed film. Er meget længe siden at jeg har grinet så inderligt af en dansk komedie.
-Det er måske lidt usundt det der

-Ja det er faktisk rigtig nok du skal drikke light
Så den for et par timer siden. Hele biografen skreg af grin! Ja, i SKAL tage ind og se den! :D

Man kan godt høre den af skrevet af bl.a. Mick Øgendal.:D
Jeg skal ind og se den i dag:)

Glæder mig, den ser MEGA sjov ud:D
SKAL bare ses i biografen! Det er så fedt når der sidder en sal opløst i grin! xD Grinede så meget!
"Dion du forsætter hvor du slap"



"Så skal jeg bare holde pause" HAHAHAHAHA ! :D
skal have en vodka med tranebærXcD

jeg må bare se den!!!
Snakecity, weee!!!!
"Dion, du fortsætter hvor du slap"

Så jeg skal bare holde pause?"

Haha grineren :P
Det er en ALT for sjov film! Jeg var inde og se den som snigpremiere her for nylig. Den kan klart anbefales for andre at se. Alle sad i hele biografen og grinede.! :)
"Der skete jo ikke noget." LOL den kunne faktisk godt gå hen og blive en ret god komedie.
griner skal nok blive spændende...
250141 199 10 0 60
Se den officielle trailer til sommerens store komedie skrevet af Mick Øgendahl som også selv har en af hovedrollerne sammen med Sidse Babett Knudsen, Thure Lindhardt og Troels Lyby. I filmen møder man også Mia Lyhne, Martin Brygmann, Anne-Grethe Bjarup Riis, Søren Malling, Beate Bille, Maibritt Saerens, Claes Bang, Dick Kaysø og Jens Jørgen Spottag. Kommer i biograferne d. 15. august. Se mere på www.blaamaend.dk
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::700
1507 0 0 0 0
Les Invincibles, 2013, trailer
movie starring Gérard Depardieu as Jacky
PT3M33S
hd
MovieID::::701
inside  this  movie
14974 14 0 0 1
Une comédie de Jean-Marc Rudnicki
Avec Nathalie Baye, Marilou Berry, Audrey Fleurot & Corinne Masiero

Le 3 juillet au cinéma !

Rose, 30 ans, n'a qu'une idée en tête : renouer avec Mickaël, son fils de 11 ans dont elle a été séparée pendant plusieurs années. Lorsqu'elle découvre la passion de Mickaël, Rose pense avoir trouvé le moyen de briser la glace : elle va monter une équipe de catch avec ses trois collègues caissières...
PT1M57S
hd
MovieID::::702
This looks like I will have to find it somewhere. It appears to be a good.
Saw this today at the Landmark Sunshine- It was a good film as expected. Ozon never disappoints. The movie isn't about sexuality or cross dressing- Its about the loyalty in relationships.
Except for one shot, this is how you make trailers.
69765 43 6 0 6
A superb psychological drama that debuted at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, The New Girlfriend is the latest in the recent string of hits of by director François Ozon, including In the House. Claire (played by festival poster girl Anaïs Demoustier) is grieving the loss of her lifetime best friend Laura, who has left behind a husband, David (Chinese Puzzle's much-loved actor Romain Duris), and a newborn baby.
PT2M1S
hd
MovieID::::703
that mormon guy is so hot
Como hago para ver la película completa  "Misionary"?
How to watch this movie  for free online or on youtube anyone knows?
this is basically The Boy Next Door
What the HECK?!?!?? NO LDS missionary would EVER kiss much less SLEEP WITH an investigator!!! I mean COME ON!!!!!!
the sequel 'witness' has the same basic premise but this time he is a jehovahs witness
666 dislikes
Have just watched this movie. And I enjoyed it.
dis muv is exact copy of the boy next door
:(
This film just goes to show nobody is perfect not Mormon not Jew not Muslims etc
You suck bitch!
ow ma god that face!!!
Where do i get this movie downloadable online?
JLo, why are you in two movies with the same plot?
this movie looks fucking creepy and is probably going to piss so many mormons off haha
Just pray for his (the director) soul.
In every movie there's always a psycho religious person now its the main character
thi is a crap an anti mormon movie
thi is a crap an anti mormon movie
anyone else thought missionary wasn't referring to church?
No matter the religion,  there is sick people everywhere.
just cuz you replace j lo with a blonde actress doesn't erase the fact that this is the exact same plot as the boy next door
Wait did the nerd die?
Il faut avoir l'art de convaincre
Il faut avoir l'art de convaincre
Il faut avoir l'art de convaincre
J.Lo is that you?
Lots of Mormon missionaries get home for screwing investigators. There was a guy in Salt Lake a number of years ago who got sent home early. Got married and wound up killing his wife, stuffing her in a mattress then tossing the mattress in a dumpster. They sifted through the landfill for days before finding the poor girl.
I am Mormon. Not really offended. It is a movie after all. I actually think this is an interesting angle. The one thing that threw me was the fiery sermons being belted out in the background. Those simply don't exist. I've sat through years of boring ass church services. I'd know.
This movie is like the boy next door
I love when my bf licks my asshole and when he fists me;)
Its a movie people. Its like saying you just watched Jurassic world and pissed because they lied about dinosaurs being real. So what if youre a mormon and find this offensive, guess your religious beliefs arent immuned like every other religion ever portrayed in hollywood. Boo hoo people.
People are overreacting. I see nothing wrong here. Being a Mormon missionary is not the reason for all the fucked up things. All I see is an obsessed, psychotic evil character who just happens to be Mormon. It could have been any religious figure and it wouldn't made a difference. It's a work of fiction. FICTION!!!! RELAX!
this just looks stupid
"I am not a mistake." Oookay.
Might be funny
@2:17 scariest part
in the state based on religion, this issue are real, like in indonesia (i'm indonesian)
not a few religious leaders commit sexual abuse. not only from christian side, moslem too... i think this issue depend on person, not their religion, don't blame religion, but look at the person...

i think this trailer describe about "no matter how good your work, you must have a pure heart, because temptations is everywhere"
Jesika Iskandar
This is one of the most offensive movie trailers I've seen. How can you make something like this and be against religious discrimination? Whoever made this is a horrible person. Period.
so disappointed. They should've never drag the name of the church in this movie without permission. This is not how missionaries work for the salvation of all.
How dare you people who made this movie?! Do you have any permission from the Church to use its name?! Clearly, those who did this film is sick. Mormon missionaries especially the Elders do not do these kind of stuff. How dare you ruin the name of the Church. You will forever pay for this, I swear. You do not know anything about the true church of Jesus Christ.
we're talkin missionary. we're talkin missionary. we're talkin....when I'm on top and she's on her back (missionary)
certamente o autor desse filme não conhece a realidade da vida de um Missionário, está tudo fora da realidade, sinto muito por tantas pessoas que deixaram enganar pelas mentiras mostradas nesse filme, é um filme de só destrói um trabalho e o bom nome da igreja de cristo que tantas pessoas tem ajudado nos momentos de maior necessidade. Sempre que ha um terremoto ou tornado la estão os Mómons para ajudar, eu sei porque tenho visto isso acontecer.
This is basically the same as the boy next door? The wife has a fling with a hot guy, the husband comes back into the picture, the son likes the new guy and the guy goes mad when the wife wants to end the fling. Yawn
no es posible que hagan una pelicula de esa manera sobre todo sin autorización de la iglesia de Jesucristo de los santos de los ultimos dias  un misionero jamas cometeria alguno de esos actos abominables nosotros en nuestra fe tenemos principios eternos en el cual somos bendecidos por nuestro padre y por ello  bendecimos a las personas como misioneros, con una estricta obediencia al guardar los mandamientos de el señor y yo se que digan lo que digan o hagan lo que hagan nuestro padre celestial nos protege porque los propositos de el señor no seran maniobrados por hombres de conocimiento vago asi que mi fe aun es mucho mas grande al saber que los misioneros estan en todo el mundo para bendecir a las personas y no para causar daños como algunos lo quieren dar a ver. Queremos que sepan que el señor nos ama a todos y si somos fieles a sus enseñanzas el nos protegerá de cualquier artimaña astuta de satanás gracias.
This trailer needs a dislike.
2:18 was honestly the only part that scared me.....was not expecting to see her face....and so close up.......o.o
This is represent real Christian?
I strongly don't agree with this film. Because missionaries are not allowed to do this things. they will be sent home if they do this and this is strongly breaking the law of chastity. sorry for my term but i could say that whoever did this film, you don't have the right to drag the name of the church and those missionaries who send all over the world to preach the gospel into shameful, unbelievable, pathetic activities like this!.
This is not true!! I've been a missionary before for the LDS. Whoever did this will someday pay for what he has done.
This movie is like The Boy next door , played by JLo, but it is released first.. Love it ^^
the boy next door , lol
Porqueria de pelicula no saben lo que hacen
Mormon missionaries are Sooo not like this! This trailer was just dumb and shameful. Missionaries help people, not go crazy have sex and be on a killing rampage. I'm very surprised at this trailer. And appalled that some company would make something as horrible as this about the mormon church.
So like The Boy Next Door, but with Mormons....nice.
Look out! It's Elder Stealyogirl!
What the hell is this? The Boy Next Door copycat? But let's not make that obvious by making the character a religious missionary.


Really?!

Your next movie should feature a priest, pastor or pope??

Whoever started this crap seriously has no brains!
Another "the boy next door"
The plot looks alot like the crazy movie Fear, right?
ahahahahah this are not Christians looolll they are clearly masons no wonder there is a crazy movie about them.
The most scary moment in this video is that Lisa Hill at 2:20
I thought she was the Blair whitch!
Was I the only one to think before watching the trailer that this movie was about "Missionary" the sexual position?
LAME AND TRASHY, AT THE SAME TIME THAT HOE DESERVES WHATS COMMING TO HER, SLUTS LIKE HER ARE A DISGRACE, ESPECIALLY SHE HAS A KID.
exactly like boy next door
I thought this was a movie about the missionary sex position.:D
Being a member this is ridiculous. Mormon Missionaries don't do this kind of stuff. They will be kicked off their mission for having sex. Lamo
its just like the boy next door
Remins me of the boy next door
People actually talking to a couple of mormons?  Must be a sci-fi.
I get it. Missionary. Double meaning.
same movie as j lo?
as a LDS member its a movie people not all of us are Jesus freaks. an thousands among thousands of people every year find comfort love an happiness in the church. i may not have stayed active. an i doubt anything like this has ever happened. but all of you out hating on the church because you saw a trailer about a missionary gone crazy are stupid an just looking for a reason to hate us because you can't find any real reasons....
and thats what happens when u open ur door she should of just had some chocolate .
J Lo tried to do a movie just like this but failed, this looks doable
now she got to pay the price for gettin slutty with a jesus freak.SINNER!!!! YE ARE CONDEMED!!!!aaaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!
3028645 1932 749 0 156
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u25ba' in position 0: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::704
what is that peice of music that starts at 1:23
18351 13 5 0 1
Movie trailer for Parasomnia.
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::705
Great movie, terrible music soundtrack.
Roy the best
Roy Schneider is still a great actor. I loved watching this movie, French Connection, Jaws 1 & 2, Blue Thunder and Sea Quest DSV.
That trumpet score is poppin
This is a LEGEND in car chase history! In fact, you know that car crashing sound with the distinctive glass shatter sound heard at 1:40 and 2:05? Well, while there are many car crashing/glass shatter sound effects everywhere, this particular one is a very unique ans special one! Why? Because that "car crash/glass shatter" sound effect is actually used as the primary car crash sound in the 1999 action driving video game "Driver: You Are The Wheelman". I have the PC Port, however. In fact, there's PLENTY I can tell you about this sound byte! It was used in MANY car chase movies of the 70s and 80s. So far, the following is all the titles I've actually found it in:
1. Vanishing Point (1971)
2. M*A*S*H (1972-1983)
3. The Poseidon Adventure (1972)
4. The Last American Hero (1973)
5. The Seven-Ups (1973)(This film here)
6. 99 and 44/100% Dead (1974)(heard in trailer at least, I don't know if it's in the film itself or not)
7. The Towering Inferno (1974)
8. Race With The Devil (1975)
9. The French Connection II (1975)
10. The Kansas City Massacre (1975)
11. Cannonball (1976)
12. Gator (1976)
13. Silver Streak (1976)
14. Smokey & the Bandit (1977)(heard in trailer but NOT the final film)
15. The Driver (1978)
16. Hooper (1978)
17. The Hunter (1980)(heard in trailer at least, I don't know if it's in the film itself or not)
18. Eyewitness (1981)(heard in trailer but NOT the final film)
19. The Terminator (1984)(ONLY in the original mono mix)
20. Commando (1985).
21. Mischief (1985)
22. Jumpin' Jack Flash (1986)(heard in trailer at least, I don't know if it's in the film itself or not)
23. Maximum Overdrive (1986)(heard in trailer at least, I don't know if it's in the film itself or not)
Of these 23 titles, 15 of them (including The Seven-Ups (1973)) are 20th Century Fox productions, which is a good reason to believe that they created it. 10 of these titles (including The Seven-Ups (1973)) have this sound effects guy who went by the name of Theodore Soderberg in the sound effect credits, making me believe that it was his sound. However, considering that nobody bothers to claim ownership of the sound byte, I simply took it upon myself to not only adopt it for my own sound effects library, but also feel free to utilize it in my OWN movies, including my first full-length film, "Return of the Black Thrasher: The Movie" (2009)! I even have it as my default notification sound on my Android mobile phone! I swear to God that there's no better car crash sound effect than the sound byte I speak of. Oh, even now, I'm STILL looking for this sound byte in other movies. BTW, I subscribed.
Isn't it kind of a coincidence that Roy Scheider plays a NY cop here, and in Jaws Roy plays Brody. A cop originally from New York.
I always remembered this as a Sunday afternoon "Big Apple Movie" on channel 5, a great way to discover cool older movies.
When movies were movies.....Real movies.
This is an under-rated 70s movie with a leading actor, who in my opinion, is just as talented as Gene Hackman, Dustin Hoffman or Marlon Brando. Roy Schneider doesn't get the credit he deserves, he made some big films.
Roy Scheider became a mega Hollywood star do to the success of THE SEVEN-UPS. The movie that would bring him star power status and clout would come in 1975 with the phenomenon JAWS that cemented his status as one of Hollywood's top action box-office stars.
THE SEVEN-UPS was one of the great crime drama movies that were all over the place during the early-1970's. Upon its release,it was a runaway box-office hit becoming one of the top ten highest grossing films of 1973. A spectacle that is ranked right up there with "Serpico", "The Friends of Eddie Coyle", "Badge 373",
"Across 110th Street", and "Mean Streets" as one of the great cop thrillers and crime dramas that gave New York City its grimy gritty hardcore feel.
;;the guy you iced was a cop;; i love the 70s cars
I remember this and The Friends of Eddie Coyle
Wow! I remember the movie loft! I used to see WSBK on cable down in CT. Its host used to do the weekly lottery show here. WSBK was a great indie station in its day, they had exclusive rights to Red Sox and Bruins games, ran classic films, 3 Stooges Marathons on New Years Eve, thanks for the flashback
channel 38 wsbk in boston used to play this on the movie loft.  loved it.
tonionionionio haddock
35126 129 9 0 20
The last of producer Philip D'Antoni's great cop movies and also the one he directed.  Roy Sheider leads an elite squad of New York City cops bent on busting the mob.  Featuring another great car chase.  Fine film.
PT2M17S
sd
MovieID::::706
She was really good in Manhattan
Wow, she's lovely.
I saw this wonderful documentary a few years ago.
It's really sad to read some of the comments below.  Rich or poor, it doesn't change the face of mental illness, domestic violence, addiction, sexual abuse, or suicide.  It just produces a lot of dysfunctional people who don't know anything else because no one talks about "it",  Most families don't get help because of shame, they can't afford it, or they don't know how to ask for help.

I am proud of her for speaking out and being honest. I can relate to her story in many ways.  Those of us who have survived the insanity, fight for years to find our normal.
She hasn't been relevant for a very long time. I guess this was the way to reverse it?  I would never exploit my family like this.  People want to relate with everyday people on the issue of suicide and abuse, not celebrities. Especially actresses that meltdown like little kids over a car that has broken down. She is a narcissist.
Selfish cold bitch ....hated sister but shamelessly exploits her death...never visits her other sister or talks to her daughter except for the cameras of course....what a phony!
Google "Ernest Hemingway FBI NY Times FOIA". According to the FBI, they were
surveilling EH for 20 years until his death. When Hemingway voluntarily checked into a
mental hospital anonymously he told ppl that the FBI were in there with him. (He and
probably many of his fellow inmates.)

According to the FBI's own documents he was right. The FOIA issued was only what the
FBI wanted publicly known. Since EH was being surveilled since the early 1940's
what was the degree of surveillance? Was another nut job, J. Edgar Hoover,
meddling in his life? Were they "nudging" pushing him in directions they wanted
him to go without his knowledge? His 2 plane accidents in close succession in Africa?

deliberately making him paranoid causing him to drink more? Was he being managed
without his knowledge & then after he was so far gone did they let him know by
playing with him & laughing in his face? It didn't matter b/c well b4 the end of his
life he lost his friends b/ c of his drinking & his accidents and no one was going to
believe him no matter what he knew or said. (Him and maybe another writer Michael Hastings)
I saw the documentary "The Greatest Gen" about him & Gary Cooper. Very good.
Rent the fictional British movie "Closed Circuit" if you want to see how a typical
target is "managed" when "they" really are after you.-(
Want to see the film just listened to her on NPR and visited her website. Thank you because I am struggling now, you have helped! Will get you book and follow your advise.
Oh please, cry me a river...saw the movie and it felt like the diary of a self entitled cry baby! Everyone has tragedies in their life maybe not this many suicides but possibly worse. Get over yourselves- the burden of that name opened many doors.
excellent! I Hope this helps ease the taboo surrounding mental illness and allows us to return to assisting our society.
68857 153 6 0 16
In a new documentary from Cabin Creek Films, two-time Academy Award-winning filmmaker Barbara Kopple examines the personal journey of Mariel Hemingway as she strives for a greater understanding of her complex family history.

Learn more: https://www.facebook.com/RunningFromCrazy
PT1M51S
hd
MovieID::::707
best trailer ever seen! it tells nothing!
Is this movie good?
4509 11 1 0 4
VISITEZ NOTRE SITE : http://www.1kult.com
DEVENEZ FAN : http://www.facebook.com/1kult
PT1M38S
sd
MovieID::::708
Hey dr Daniel Jackson
How old is Michael shanks here in this movie ?
When REAL MEN played hockey and played it for the LOVE of the game NOT the dollar amount of the contract!
Daniel Jackson?
Get better, Mr. Hockey.  _/ _/ _/
Is this out?  Is it good?
daniel jackson doesn't play hockey
I was thinking this was a bit odd. If he was late 50s or early 60s or something then this would make more sense. I know that a 45 year old is not going to have the same amount of fast twitch capability as a younger person but that is offset by robustness and maturity. I would have thought that Ice hockey would be ideal for someone of 45 (unless they smoke and drink alcohol of course). I then realized that this was set about 40 years ago. It is strange how much older people seemed only a few decades ago.
This looks painful.
I always though Matt Damon would make a good Gordie Howe. Either way, buying the hell out of this.
Awesome.  Check out our channel, and Aaron Craven in Hockey Night in Asia, who worked with lead actor Michael Shanks in Stargate.
35944 56 4 0 13
MR HOCKEY The Gordie Howe Story Trailer.
On DVD & BLU-RAY at Walmart now : http://www.walmart.com/ip/23756124
Available in the rest of the market on July 9, 2013.

Hockey great Gordie Howe retired after 25 winning seasons with the Detroit Red Wings. But he realized that retirement just didn't work for him. When his son's were drafted to the Houston Aeros, he came out of retirement to join the team! He was written off by many, who thought he was too old to be playing competitively. Through hard work, perseverance, and the loving support of his wife and family, he and his sons managed to prove the critics wrong by winning several championships for the team !

MR HOCKEY The Gordie Howe Story Trailer (2013)
© ARC Entertainment.
Subscribe now to get the best and the latest movie trailers, film clips and videos !
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::709
134174 107 48 0 1
I do not own copyright to this video. I have only uploaded this video for entertainment purposes only.
PT4M23S
sd
MovieID::::710
10196 17 0 0 0

PT1M11S
hd
MovieID::::711
MMD the movie
Xenoblade Chronicles 2 brought me here
It's really good, even with all the mindless fanservice it has a good story without obvious plotholes, and the battle animation is superb.
I must say, this is not a very good trailer.
This CG shit is  cancerous to the anime industry
i want more of this.. like second movie or anime adaptation
Dingo's Outfit is Fitting for Fallout 3 or fallout new vegas
The ending was bit lonely. But it was a very good movie.
where to watch this (or download it)?
I'd like to show Angela my balzac ;)
como se llama el anime ?
To all mecha fans! This is totally worth watching! 8.5/10 is the lowest I'm giving it!
Where can I watch this
it just came out today
Is that Rie Kugimiya I hear?! :o
Wait, Gen Urobuchi is directing this one?
Count me the fuck in!! >.<
urobutcher's original....
Eeeh, CG..........
Gotta love the Butcher.
125432 356 15 0 39
Release: November 15, 2014
Genre: Sci-Fi
PT31S
hd
MovieID::::712
Awesome movie about a group of people who believe their city is a maze and are looking for an exit, a mysterious door. I love the soundtrack. Movie is slow which may turn some viewers off.
where can i watch this movie? i am searching for a long time but I could not find the movie anywhere on the internet (just trailer) including amazon, ebay so i can buy.
what is this movie about trailer is so weird, i fast forward and nothing happening.
I saw this film a couple of years ago. It's fantastic!
5498 8 0 0 8
exit-movie.com
PT2M52S
hd
MovieID::::713
Absolutely wonderful movie! All of the characters played VERY believable parts, very genuine. Was available on VHS for a short time, but then disappeared. Never released on DVD, never available to rent or buy on Amazon Prime Video or Netflix. Wonder why the moratorium on such a fine film?
I remember this movie and how the one scene Andrew was hanging by the tree and he fell. I remember the maid slapping Andrew he didn't do anything wrong. Their mother died and they were all living overseas. Henry Thomas did a couple of great movies back in 1980s 1982 ET, 1995 Legends Of The Fall, 1984 Misunderstood,
Cloak & Dagger, Andrew  was the older brother and Miles was the youngest.
What I truly love about this film is the love between the two boys. The hugs, the communication. That's the way all siblings should be with each other,
Gostaria de comprar DVD desse filme.  alguém pode me informar onde encontrar?
9743 54 2 0 5
March 1984 TV spot for "Misunderstood"  directed by Jerry Schatzberg, based on the 1869 novel "Misunderstood" by Florence Montgomery and starring Gene Hackman, Henry Thomas, Rip Torn, Huckleberry Fox and Susan Anspach.
PT30S
sd
MovieID::::714
Questo film c 'è in italiano?
28946 22 6 0 2
TRAILER
PT1M56S
hd
MovieID::::715
Happy Birthday Norman Kerry !!
1257 0 0 0 1
Norman Kerry & Mary Philbin






Rupert Julian

Erich von Stroheim (uncredited)



Writing credits

(in alphabetical order)

Finis Fox writer

Harvey Gates story

Mary O'Hara titles

Erich von Stroheim uncredited





Cast (in credits order)

Norman Kerry... Count Franz Maximilian Von Hohenegg

Mary Philbin... Agnes Urban

Dale Fuller... Marianka Huber

Maude George... Madame Elvira

Cesare Gravina... Sylvester Urban

George Hackathorne... Bartholomew Gruber




Irving Thalberg.... producer



Production Companies * Universal Pictures



Distributors * Universal Pictures (1923) (USA) (theatrical)
PT52S
sd
MovieID::::716
compared to the other versions of this short,this version lacks about 10 min.
And Curly Howard of the Three Stooges was a fan of Fatty Arbuckle.
Al St John's granddaughter played one of the Riddles "Bad girl" in one episode of "Batman & Robin" tv 1960s classic.
There was a certain artistry to silent film. They had to express themselves visually. I get upset when people make fun of silent films. They are amazing works of art!
talking IS what killed the movies, the're called movies cause they move..then they stopped,when they started bloody yacking..yack yack, and never said anything ! SSSilent SSSHHHH....SHUT-UP !!!!! QUIET!!!!... there, thats better isn'tit?
One of my favorites. Thank you for posting it.
This is glorious.  Thank you for putting this masterpiece up!
9565 74 4 0 9
FATTY AND MABEL ADRIFT
Triangle-Keystone 2674 ft., rel. Jan. 8, 1916 (House at Sea) dir. Roscoe Arbuckle cast: Roscoe Arbuckle, Mabel Normand, Al St. John, Frank Hayes, May Wells, Glen Cavender, Wayland Trask, James Bryant, Joe Bordeaux, Luke (dog) Location: Santa Monica, CA copyright: Jan. 10, 1916

William Thomas Sherman, wts@gunjones.com, http://www.angelfire.com/mn/hp/
PT25M47S
sd
MovieID::::717
Just saw this movie, I loved it. Keshia you're very cute and adorable.
You can buy/rent it on Amazon!
brings back memories! anyone got a torrent of this in piratebay?
No, I haven't seen this movie in like 14 or 15 years. I just remember it as a teenager
are you has this video?
who has this video?
I'm like the only one who remembers this!

5466 7 0 0 7
This was a television movie starring Keisha Knight Pulliam from the Cosby Show which aired in 1989.
PT22S
sd
MovieID::::718
I had a little tear when albert got the mvp awarad. I know it's just a movie but I love it when I see people happy in love. I have hope for love for me one day to.
Tri.age.co.uk@ gmail.com.  its my email for my small biz but I use it on my phone.  Andy Aliex on fb
I noticed a huge subliminal message at the begining on the ship. To bacco can keepa taabak oo dem 3:25 scarey!!
Thats the universal lot around the back at 1:22.00 I miss Burbank west olive :-(
that old woman with orange hair reminds me of Dianne Feinstein
Best of luck. It's that little copyright meister that demands it be so. Google originally wanted to put everything in the cosmos online but the lawyers said no. On the other hand, if you owned the rights...
these overseers would greatly underestimate our will to fight as they may face an army of 3 billion free Terrans fighting not just for America but for all of Earth and the promise this great land holds.
Thanks for posting this.

15753 87 13 0 10
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 197-209: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::719
Büyüleyici..
this movie was so mesmerizing to me when I saw it a long time ago.
3412 41 0 0 2
Based on a The story, by Chinghiz Aitmatov, a Soviet  author
Directed by  Irina Poplavskaya.
"unfolds the wonder and anguish of a growing boy as he watches the furtive love of two adults he adores. These are his vivacious, lonely sister-in-law, Jamilya, whose indifferent husband is away at war, and a convalescent soldier helping the villagers feed grain to a railroad line. World War II, in a sharp pinpoint of irony, remains far, far away."
PT6M42S
hd
MovieID::::720
where I can find full movie with eng sub?
i love this movie.. but why... when you lele back hugged xiami doesn"t appear in the movie.. i think that scene is really sweet
very very sad :')
but i like very much this movie (Y)
YES! A JJ LIN SOUNDTRACK :D
love this movie.awesome
@hyunahfuls you can watch the movie w/ english subs at mysoju.com
@meluvsk8 where did u see the movie? :)
93796 215 8 0 12
"Love You You" 30s Trailer



Directed by Jingle Ma

Starring: Angelababy, Eddie Peng



Original Music Soundtrack: JJ Lin (JFJ Productions)
PT32S
hd
MovieID::::721
it's really a shame we cannot see this film here in the U.S....only available in the canadian itunes store.  definitely looking forward to a 1080p download in the U.S. itunes store....
How does water shape us? How do we shape water?
Music please.
excellent!, congratulations Ed!
Horrible how we transform nature into death thinking we make progress. The reality today is valid only if it works as a spectacle, as if is only photographed to sale it and to use it. It is marketed and devoured to make profits. We have control of nature and our pride grows as in revange. We become criminals eating and shitting as there is no tomorrow, without thinking or feeling. We use freedom to consume as much as we can to be more stupid than ever. We forget where we come from ...
Can't wait to see this - theres going to be an event @ waterloo where Ed Burtynsky will be there to  introduce the film and host a Q and A at the end!!! :D

Way to go Ed - yet another triumph. Can't wait to see it on screen. Pete Gabany

beautiful! love the soundtrack too!
I would pay 100$ to go see this if it comes out in IMAX theaters.
Breathtaking.

can't wait to see this!

will this be in cinemas in the uk?
107882 350 9 0 13
In Canadian Theatres October 11th 2013
Opens in Toronto September 27th 2013

Following their triumph with Manufactured Landscapes, photographer Edward Burtynsky & filmmaker Jennifer Baichwal reunite to explore the ways in which humanity has shaped, manipulated & depleted one of its most vital & compromised resources: water.
PT1M17S
hd
MovieID::::722
Rien que pour Alexandre Astier je vais aller le voir ! en plus le film a l'aire pas mal du tout en regle général
8454 11 0 0 1

PT1M21S
sd
MovieID::::723
17807 34 6 0 3
POP REDEMPTION - Official Teaser Trailer [HD]
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::724
Mad Munchkin brought me here.
IT WAS GAUL NOT BRITANIA 0/10 LITERALLY UNWATCHABLE!
Seems like they kept really close to the original source material without "modernizing" it with pop culture references and cheap gags.
My only gripes with this trailer are the lip synching and the American voice actors for the dub. I hate subtitles with a passion, so I'm tentative to watch the original french version instead.
i didnk know there is english version
I just finished watching this and the essence is still there as the comics and the early animations...hilarious!
I really really hope they will continue to render the other ones :D
Is there a link to this version? No downloading sites, I mean.
when is it releasing in India?
good cartoon
Good, but not the best Asterix story to pour all this creativity and money into. This movie had too little scenery: It was the mansions, the village with woods and the arena. That's it. I'd love it if they made one from the Asterix in India comic.
the animation on this is amazing! how is this underated?
If it is played in my city, I'LL BE THERE!!!!
I've seen the French version. It's a hilarious and engaging movie, takes the original plot and adds a LOT to it, while keeping the essence intact. And, in my opinion, the non-dubbed version sounds better (I don't know French, I watched with captions, but there is much more dynamic range in the voice actors' work in the original).
A live-Action film would of been so much cooler. Still pretty good though.
The village is on the fucking france not britain!
By toutatis! What was that?
i read the entire book 4 times
Eh, is this out in the UK or is it going to be? I love Asterix and I need to see this!
Normalement c'est nous les francais qui avons fais les VRAIS Voix!
the comics are way better
Since watching the German versions as a kid, I can't fucking stand the voice actor for Obelix. The German voice actor made him sound like a bellowing giant. The English one makes him sound like a pushover.
OH MY CHILDHOOD, MUST WATCH THIS!!! XD
Who's in the English voice cast?
At last in English
147424 250 9 0 50
Updates: www.facebook.com/encorefilms

About The Animation
Based on the hugely popular French comic book of the same title, Asterix: The Mansions Of The Gods. The movie tops the box office in France, with 2.8 million admissions.

The Story
Julius Caesar unveils his latest plan to get rid of those indomitable Gauls once and for all. As his army has not been able to crush “the last pocket of resistance”, he decides to try a stealth invasion: civilisation delivered to the village gates! He builds a new Rome-The Land of the Gods-around Asterix’s village, pressuring the Gauls to assimilate or vanish. Despite Asterix and Obelix’s plans to stop the construction work, the buildings quickly rise and the Roman citizens start to peacefully invade their surroundings, bringing chaos to Asterix’s village. Could this finally mean victory for Caesar?
PT2M7S
hd
MovieID::::725
2175 10 0 0 1
Admissions - starring Lauren Ambrose, Taylor Roberts, Amy Madigan, Christopher Lloyd, Fran Kranz, and John Savage.

Evie Brighton is a bright yet troubled teenager who secretly writes poetry & cares for her sister Emily, whose mental disability was caused by a childhood injury that still haunts their guilt-stricken mother Martha.
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::726
Being rude is not nice, and it's hypocritical to claim, in a movie, that one has compassion for people who need healing - all the while behaving rudely towards people one encounters on a day-to-day basis.
this is so very real, music has always been a part of my life, I can remember at the age of three laying on my bed with a transistor radio and listening, absorbing and receiving every song that came out of that beautiful box. Now let me give you a fabulous testimony, on 2010 was diagnosed with breast Cancer, I used praise and worship to get me through the chemo, radiation, physical pain, the depression, music heals my mind, my body it enters my soul and I am mighty!
Wow, I can't wait to see this!
13008 41 2 0 3
Filmmaker Michael Rossato Bennett on his film "Alive Inside: A Story of Music and Memory," premiering in the U.S. Documentary Competition at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival.

Learn more about the film at: http://filmguide.sundance.org/film/13915/alive_inside_a_story_of_music_memory

The Official YouTube Channel of the Sundance Film Festival, presented by the non-profit Sundance Institute.

Enjoy up-to-the minute coverage of the Festival, including filmmaker panels, interviews and behind-the-scenes footage.
PT2M46S
hd
MovieID::::727
This was a special movie. I cried
This is a good movie. It really hits the heart
He did 20 fuckin years!!!!
Cheesy awkward music too
Really good acting but some boring scenes
What others say, it really doesn't matter.
People always have to say something when you post. If you like the actors, enjoy this type of movie then by all means enjoy yourself. No others say, really doesn't mater.
Love this film well made indie.
Fellas, I allow myself to reccomend you the scene between 1:20:20 and 1:22:13... Paul Sorvino speaking italian with a mafia fella, gooooooooooooddd old fashion Cosa Nostra!  For me at least, that scene justifies the entire movie :)
Just bought the DVD
IMDB says this is a comedy?? Umm dont think so lol
56213 76 6 0 16
-Available on DVD & Digital HD Now! http://bit.ly/OUTQdvd
-SUMMARY: After spending 20 years in federal prison for myriad crimes, ailing mafia boss Joseph "Mr. Joe" Scoleri is released with a strict requirement not to interact with his old contacts in the mafia - and to ensure this, an FBI tail follows him. He quickly realizes that while the world around him may have changed, the habits of a mafia boss die hard.
-Like us on Facebook: http://on.fb.me/1lQlGev
-Follow us on Twitter: http://bit.ly/1fllLyo
PT2M27S
sd
MovieID::::728
VHS/DVD Release Date: November 6, 2001
0:21 Dat scream
0:04 Top Ten Deadlist Anime Death
The nostalgia of Disney Christmas movies on VHS.
the announcer for this trailer is Brian Cummings
i think is santa claus, london for christmas.
That trailer fro mickey magical christmas snowed at the house of mouse and recess christmas miracle on third street vhs
I remember this trailer from the 2001 VHS of ''Mickey's Magical Christmas: Snowed in at The House of Mouse''!
This movie marks the second time Leslie portrays Santa Claus.
The cover reminds me of the Santa clause poster
Really enjoyed Leslie Nielsen`s style of comedy, he left us some great treasure`s to enjoy, even after he was gone. Surprised me, later in his life, having enjoyed his leading dramatic roles. R.I.P. Leslie, sadly missed, but, I`m sure, you are bringing happiness, wherever you are now.  :)  If you do not mind, I will add to my page.
Omg I remember watching this movie
where can i watch the disney movie like father like santa
por favor subir esta pelicula completa en español. yo la vi hace años y es buenisima quiero verla con mi familia.
I seen this movie before. It was a good movie. I only got this movie on VHS.
Great and so sweet Christmas movie. I adore Robyn Lively and she was awesome here. Adorable Leslie Nielsen was believable as Santa. Great acting.
Really underrated film!
oh that film is just wonderful and amazing!!!!
RIP Leslie Nielsen

Brilliant film, loved it soo much and still do :D
RIP Mr. Nielsen :(
yay loooks really cool i need tape
lol, the thing i remember most about this movie is Tommy Davidson as the elf.
Thanks for posting this video.
My favorite Christmas movie of all time. The relationship between Peter and Zack is just so cute.
135258 84 4 0 24
Modern Christmas film.
PT35S
sd
MovieID::::729
Jon cryer killing it man
JON CRYER/ "Allan Harper".. <3 <3
Good movie hopefully
I wish this movie didn't look so stupid. I love Jon Cryer and Will Sasso. :/
a redbox exclusive....
Alan Harper's life in a movie
idiots hahha!!!!
Hopefully good movie
who was that guy at the very end who said    f... them
Alan Harper: The Movie
its a good movie i streamed it and there were a few funny parts i recommend it
Everything this guy does is awful and buggered up. I used to watch 2 1/2 Men just to see him get screwed but even that was hard to watch after a while. Someone said he was responsible for the show going belly up and Charlie Sheen getting kicked off. Anyway, he always reminded me of those B class actors that were in all those B class movies in the 70's that were made for $500 and lunch...........guess this one stayed true to form.
Pippy, did you watch it all?
This movie is stupendously awful.
This movie looks like it it could be better than the trailer. Which is not a compliment.
this movie must be called: allan harper.
the movie was really good.
its jon cryer so i dont fucking care how bad is the movie
What's the name of that Heaven music....please....:)
love this movie it was really funny !
Ok, when do these trailers will stop exposing the whole fucking plot of the movie!?
What's the name of that Heaven music that plays when Alan talks to God? It's so relaxing and beautiful
I thought this was a sweet movie and the leads were excellent. Music was great.
I just watched it, i will never get the time back! Really bad........................
You saved money on special effects (no aliens). On sets (no Romans) . Make up (only one woman). Clothes (only one woman). Script (I assume you got a free episode worth of script from the guy that wrote 2 and a Half  Guys).

You should NOT have saved money on casting too.

(The leading actor is amazing but hes alone).

If you want fiver reviews, you must remember.

To get stars you need to hire stars.

Cheap mother fuckers.
So... Walden got Alan to move?... What the fuck happened to Jake?
It's like a cross between the 40 year old virgin and horrible bosses
...for me is Alan again..
391796 347 55 0 44
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Hit by Lightning Official Trailer 1 (2014) - Jon Cryer Comedy Movie HD

When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after?
PT2M19S
hd
MovieID::::730
i want to watch this like 5 or 6 times...And maybe even meet Wanuri Kahui. Her brain thinks up amazing stories.
Great film viva kenya
id recognize a gatorade bottle anywhere
I want to see this movie!!
I loved this movie!
You can watch it here on youtube.
her outfit looks freaking cool
Kudzani Moswela is awesome even without hair. Love the body suit.
She'd be great for battle angel.
Better get in line, LOL!  This is terrific stuff and she's ONTO something!!!!
one word.....#respeCT!!!
netflix instant: africa first, vol. 1
I'M GOING AS FAST AS I CAN
GONNA WATCH THE SHIT OUT OF IT
@rmeddy1 you better get in line ;)
Where can I watch it?
I have watched the trailer twice and still have no idea what the movie is supposedly about. Take your dream suppressants. A trailer is supposed to be explain the concept and create a desire to buy.

This incoherent mess does neither!
The AfricaChannel teased me with this. I was SO MAD that they only flashed the title at the beginning of the show & then NEVER AGAIN: I had to do so much backtracking just to find it!!
Normally, u can't shut selfish bastards up about their flakey creations, but when I find something interesting, they won't even drop the name of it more than once???-- & only at the beginning??
Ok. #offmychest-- I think I'm finally over it, lol... Gonna watch tonight.
where can i buy it ?

@superhuman295 No, Who Fears Death is in production.
here is their facebook page: tinyur(dot)com/6kclmqh

Heard that Wanuri kahui will be directing the film version of Nigerian American author Nnedi Okorafor novel "Who Fears Death"

I am already fucking hypes up so much
@rmeddy1 I know right?
I love this trailer I want to see the movie and more from the director and writer Wanuri Kahui
I'm a big sci-fi fan.. This looks Awesome!!
i think this is disgraceful......i know its sci-fi but still

Africa is the garden of eden...Jah people know
This makes me feel really good! I just done a horror film, and as black American! We don't go in these areas of film making to often. Its good to see that someone has.
sucksssssssss
Its 21 minutes long for those who asked
19th Annual Pan African Film Festival Los Angeles 2011
this is great! im so inspired. can not wait to see this film.
This is work done by a Kenyan! Wow we do have talent!
Where and When can i see this movie. I'd want to get a copy too. How come none of this info is available here?
I am from Jamaica. I read about this in "African Business" Magazine. I'm impressed. Reminds me of a mix of Equilibrium, the Island and Wall-E. Nice concept. Will this be a feature length film some day?
@ninetyonepictures Do you actually *read* any scifi novels?
@Synthiotics it's not a common plot. The island's screenplay was written based off a screenplay in '79. This director stole Michael Bays direction off the script,  and literally stole shots from the movie. That's not original.

it's 0% original, but 100% well made
@ninetyonepictures It's a common plot in scifi. You do know most of these directors get their ideas from written SF (you know, books!), I hope.
@krzintegraboi Nairobi actually.
@ceXhc I've never seen a movie like that :p
@krzintegraboi It could be, but I saw three white people in it.
@CoolSebbe431 im thinking its probably based on the African continent. thats my guess why everyone is black ^_^
Why is everyone black?
This is the first act of Michael Bays "The Island". Exact haha.

but regardless, very well made
gr8 costume design, impressive lead, beautiful shots,  too much for a short film.. gr8 work!!!!!!!!!


Wow, this looks amazing and I'd love to see it. Black female lead in a sci-fi movie? A non-stereotypical, non-sassy, non-bff to a white girl,  Black woman!? In a sci-fi!? Fantastic. All my support, luv.
@iTraumatize LOL! You're right... ;)
@Lynxwoman1 Psht, you don't need to be a man (;
@rmeddy1 I'm a woman and would marry her as well, if I were a man!
Wow! I simply HAVE to watch this movie. How can I at least buy it? I live in Brazil and it's highly unlikely that this film will be in any theater here...
I think Wanuri Kihiu is just a movie genius, I loved her "From a Whisper" movie and now "Pumzi" is surely another best picture, and she's only starting. Hollywood better look out, there's a new Oscar Award-to-be in the making...!
Wooohoooo!!! As a Kenyan in really proud to see such fine films from one of us! Mo' Fire!
Where can I BUY it? Time to promote one of our own!!! I wish the standards could be maintained
finally something i can say is creative from my country, hey by the way am a visual effects guy. incase you have another state of the art project like this pliz inform i wud love to learn from the best in Kenya
The Goethe Institute, the German cultural institution, in my Kenyan film?
Its more likely than you think!
A remake of THX1138! Fantastic!
I can't wait to see this film. Great styling too!
I'm a white person who sees movies filled with white people all the time. It gets boring. An sf movie by black Africans starring black Africans -- that's a *feature* not a bug.
what this looks cool beans have to give he a watch

been loving the last 2 years or so we have been getting some good sci fi's at last

CAN I GET A HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A black female director doing Scifi? I may have to marry this woman.
THIS IS THE FUTURE!!!  amazing film!
Awesome!  REALLY looking forward to seeing more!
Awesome! I'm blown away! Looks like a big budget blockbuster! Definitely a step in the right direction as far as emerging from the stereotypical films of the past. When does it come out?
I literally cannot stop watching this trailer.
Looks delightful.  Please get it the full length version to my eyeballs!  Best wishes!
Listen to yrself , WHY would a movie set in Africa have whites in it? Whites make up roughly 11% of the worlds population and less than 0.1% of Kenyas population. So why should they be represented in a movie set in a black african country?  According to yr argument Slumdog Millionaire (which btw is set in India ) is racist too cos there are only Indians in it.
Dreams and the sacrifice we choose to take, or not.

I got to watch Pumzi a few days back. it is  a  relevant, thought provoking and certainly entertaining story from Wanuri Kahiu.

Expressive acting, well delivered cinematography and effects by the production team.

Currently in much of the Third World clean water and energy are for the privileged. Predictions that water scarcity will be behind wars to come.

Looking forward to more.
I could say the same thing about 90% of the movies made in hollywood... why are there barely any black people in them? Is that a fair representation of the American population... think before u speak idiot, plus the movie is set in AFRICA!!! So why would there be white people in it???
looks very interesting
125741 591 9 0 72
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\ufeff' in position 279: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::731
4944 30 2 0 0
http://facebook.com/filmeomeninonoespelho

Adaptação do best-seller de Fernando Sabino.

Um menino diante do espelho descobre a solução para os seus problemas: um duplo para fazer tudo o que ele acha chato, como enfrentar o valentão da escola ou ficar de castigo em casa, deixando o tempo livre para que se dedique apenas a diversão e aventuras.

Com Lino Facioli, Mateus Solano, Regiane Alves, Ricardo Blat, Gisele Fróes, Laura Neiva, Giovanna Rispoli, Murilo Quirino e Ravi Hood
Direção: Guilherme Fiúza Zenha
Produção: Camisa Listrada
Distribuição: Downtown Filmes e Paris Filmes
PT2M8S
hd
MovieID::::732
location shown here is actually... City Chambers, Glasgow
It's a good version. I have the whole picture.
This not a trailer
So.. you're telling me this is a trailer? .-.
43105 35 17 0 6
Subscribe to MovieTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/QcNd7j
More clips, photos, and news: http://bit.ly/UdtHfd

Follow Videodetective.com on facebook http://www.facebook.com/VideoDetective
Follow Videodetective.com on twitter http://twitter.com/VideoDetective

Subscribe to GameTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/RNaDlR
Subscribe to TVPromosByVD: http://bit.ly/Plupqf
Subscribe to MusicVideosByVD: http://bit.ly/Te5RuH

Director: James Hawes
Cast: Rupert Penry-Jones, Lydia Leonard, David Haig, Patrick Malahide, Patrick Kennedy, Eddie Marsan
Release Date: 3/2/2010
Studio: Warner Home Video
Rating: Not Rated
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::733
It's proper name is the Medal of Honor.
6155 17 2 0 2
Shoshone tribesman and Civil War hero Lance Poole (Robert Taylor) returns home with a Congressional Medal of Honor on his chest and a saddlebag full of dreams about prospering as a cattleman on his family’s land. But American Indians have no citizenship, no property rights. The courts, despite the efforts of Lance’s attorney (Paula Raymond), offer no remedy. Lance and his people must fight to keep their land. Devil’s Doorway, the first of the dozen or so groundbreaking Westerns by filmmaker Anthony Mann (Winchester ’73), is one of the earliest films sympathetic to Native Americans, standing alongside the same year’s Broken Arrow. Perhaps not coincidentally, Lance Poole’s tribal name is Broken Lance.
PT1M48S
sd
MovieID::::734
The Gaurdian, or 'Guardian'?
I've watched this film more times than I'm willing to admit.
3411 9 1 0 2
Beaver Trilogy Trailer, film by Trent Harris
PT32S
hd
MovieID::::735
Reading the comments, I feel like I've been transported to a planet of fucking morons.     Are you people kidding?
What is this? He looks like a rapist. Poor girl
What a CREEP! That guy is so Harvey Weinstein. And I'm a dude saying this.
Is that Mary Astor?
hmm..... so rape was seduction back in the days?
The actress with John Barrymore is Mary Astor. She was also in "Maltise Falcon"(1941) with Humphy Bogart and "The Great Lie"(1942) with Bettie Davis.
the woman looks like drew barrymore omg
Barrymore is missed.
Dong Wand is more like it...
Wow. Seduction? Is that what they called it back then?
wow the actress does look like Drew Barrymore!
daaaate raaaaaaaaaaape
I wouldn't call that seduction :/
did she really stabbed that sword in her body
this is a violation hahahahha
I want to get that DVD-R when they release it, too.
This must be Don Juan's first lesson in a little thing called "rape".
I will kiss you most violently, while joyful music plays
Thanks for the info
The Warner Archives are planning a DVD-R release of this film. It s supposed to also include all of the Vitaphone shorts that were included in the original program when it was released in 1926.
madonna it's just an italian old fashion way to say "honorable and respectable woman",

used often in the past
Disgusting "wow" in the disc; easy enough to fix but obviously it's "Get it Out the Door as cheap and Fast As Possible Without Giving A Shit."
Is this coming out on DVD?
89385 114 13 0 35
"Don Juan," starring John Barrymore premiered in New York on August 6, 1926 - Warner Brothers premiered its Vitaphone system. (The film was the first feature-length film with synchronized Vitaphone sound effects and musical soundtrack, though it has no spoken dialogue.)
PT2M49S
sd
MovieID::::736
i'm reading the book, is the movie online? tia
7087 16 0 0 1
So-called "dry land sailors" are the focus of this satirical look at a Navy PR unit assigned to the Pacific Theater.  Glenn Ford & Gia Scala top a stand-out cast that includes Ann Francis, Keenan Wynn, Eva Gabor & Russ Tamblyn in this wry look at the war, whose seemingly lightweight nature belies its keen observations.
PT3M1S
sd
MovieID::::737
"You're invited" is it weird that I started think of Mary Kate&Ashley Olsen's show?
where they smoking weed?
Watch the entire movie now through ITunes, Amazon, or your cable on-demand provider!

I think my friend made a home movie better than this movie. He's 13
good ideas, bad acting
4/10.....
@EriksenDrul inheritance, wrong turn 4, .......
Teens on vacation, Stuck on a deserted place, crazy ppl want to kill them , I have a strong feeling ive been trough this before . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'm about to watch this.I hope it don't suck.
does the hot chick get nude?
@Metaldog67 it looks like it
great music~
I LOVE RUSS RUSSO, awesome actor!
75139 63 12 0 13
In 1846, a party of settlers became snowbound in the Sierra Nevada Mountains and had to resort to cannibalism to survive. Some 150 years later, a group of teens on a ski trip discover that the curse of the Donner Party still haunts those mountains when members of their group start turning up not only dead, but half-eaten.  Nothing - and no one - is what it seems in this provocative dark thriller. And history doesn't always stay in the past.
PT1M54S
hd
MovieID::::738
Being that this movie was one of love and romance of personal drama and emotions, starring the lovely and gracious Clara Bow, I would categorize this film as yet another “chick flick.”
Fascinating!
I have this on VHS
Thanks for the  upload of this great old movie!
Clara didn't have to act when she was using her fists.
Amazing movie and the music that goes along with it, Never remove it from YouTube please
the whale is neither eternal nor immortal ... he is no match for human ingenuity and technology...the whale is among the smartest, most beautiful and least harmful creatures on earth....whaling is a foul ugly nasty cruel business almost unmatched in pain and barbarity.
I read somewhere that her part was cut out from the film, Clara took some friends to the theater view her small walk on, she was heartbroken to not see herself in the film
This was great, wonderful to see New Bedford and the Charles W. Morgan on film, a lot of well done scenes.  A pity about the characterization of Asians but I know the feeling to some degree, lol.  An interesting glimpse into Quaker society as well.
simplemente que hermosa mujer
This film is notable for one reason: the debut of the great Clara Bow.
21910 111 3 0 20
See review and synopsis at: http://www.acinemahistory.com/2015/10/down-to-sea-in-ships-1922.html
A story of deception and love at the end of the 19th century in a Quaker whaling community in New Bedford, Massachusetts
PT1H33M50S
sd
MovieID::::739
104021 50 18 0 0
Két kezem munkája, vagyis by Tuka   : ]



A videó forrásáért köszönet GOLDMiNE-nak.



Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde Trailer



Release Date: 2008

Genre: Horror, Thriller

Cast: Dougray Scott, Krista Bridges, Tom Skerritt, Danette Mackay, Cas Anvar

Director: Paolo Barzman

Writer: Paul B. Margolis, Robert Louis Stevenson



Plot:

Dr. Henry Jekyll is a well-regarded physician whose evenings are spent researching a rare and sacred Amazonian flower so potent it's said to literally separate the soul, giving life to man's Dark Self. The obsessive experiments to isolate its psychotropic properties happen to coincide with a series of brutal murders gripping the city with fear. Jekyll knows it's no coincidence. While his nights are lost to him, he awakens with bloody mementos and violent memories of the screams of his victims. He knows the Dark Self is coming into his own. It's even given himself a name: Mr. Edward Hyde. Anxious to plead guilty, waive trial, face sentence, and be put out of his misery, where he can no longer do harm, Jekyll solicits the help of Claire Wheaton, a compassionate attorney attracted to unusual and lost causes. Agreeing to represent Jekyll, her case for extreme mental imbalance is convincing...
PT1M5S
hd
MovieID::::740
Love the Mr Bean movie soundtrack in this trailer.
Remember when he fixes the painting
i pity the fool who didnt have this movie in his childhood.coz this is an awesome movie and more than worthy to the first one.
1:16 Bitch you just said that he's the last of his kind; I don't have to imagine how alone he feels because you just gave me cause, smh
Its nothing with out Sean Connery.
not good muvi
oh god this movie looks painful to watch lol
1:00 'Cowabunga' whoa? -Oh yeah it's the 90s, my bad
This film has defiled the soundtrack and it didn't need to exist. I've watched the first film since I could barely walk, and I'm glad I never found this film.
1999 VHS Of The Mummy
I wish this movie could've made it into theaters instead of direct-to-video in 2000, considering the way  this trailer was made. and to those wo have never seen this movie and don't know of this, the dragon named Drake is the son of Draco when Drake was just an egg found in Draco's cave by Bowen on the last year of his life at the beginning of the sequal. i wish they had did a different story with the sequal and had brought back Dennis Quaid as Bowen, Dina Myer as Kara, and Pete Postlethwaite as Brother Gilbert of Glockensper. here is my version idea of the sequal. it is made and released in theaters in 1998 two years later after the first movie was released in theaters in 1996, Bowen still played by Dennis Quaid is still young and not old-aged, and he returns to Draco's cave and comes across an amazing discovery of a dragon egg in a hidden chamber of Draco's cave, the after the dragon egg hatches, Bowen and Kara still played by Dina Meyer takes it upon themselves to raise the dragon, because they knew that it is what Draco would have wanted of them to do, and they name him "Drake" voice by a young boy when he was still a young dragon and later voiced by Robbie Benson when he is older and use the exact same CGI effects that was used for Draco also for Drake, and called the movie "Dragonheart II" instead of Dragonheart: A New Beginning". now that would have definitely been a better sequal. and if Draco was still alive, i would've loved to see Draco (voiced by Sean Connery again) himself raise his son Drake Voiced by a young boy when Drake is still young then later voiced by Robbie Benson when Drake is older, and teach his son Drake the ways of dragons. simple easy things like how to fly, and how to breath fire and ice instead of Master Kuan teaching Drake how to breath fire and ice. my favorite only part of Dragonheart: A New Beginning is the scene when Drake first learned how to fly that the clips at 0:43 and 0:47 was seen of the actual movie itself!
look at that, a dragon.
I currently watch it on CINEMAX today! There some funny breathing fire from Drake... Sound likes.. Fart Fire Mode!
MUST SEE IT!
In my personal opinion. You have terrible taste in movie my friend, clearly if you choose this movie over the first then you need a great big slap to the face why? Mother-fucking Sean Connery that's why. Enough said.
I disagree with all of u! When I was little I had never seen the first one only this one. Then I watched the first one and it was nothing compared to the second one it was boring and I hated it!! Dragon heart a new beginning was one of my favorite movies!
I will never watch this movie, it would destroy my nostalgic feelings for dragonheart (1996)
Guys is a Video Movie, its kinda cheap and for Kids, leave the hate for important matters only :P
Dragonheart should never had a sequel. Draco was the last Dragon.
It's fucking shit!
Hahaha, this looks awful.
i will never watch this. The first dragonheart was great and I refuse to destroy it with this bargain bin looking crap
I hope they dont "remake" it up to date, the first one was the best.
SCREW ALDUIN, DRACO ALL DAY.
I liked this movie. Aside from the cheesy effects, lame dialogue, and predictable plot it was pretty fun.
The first film was great, but this one is complete rubbish. I've tried my best to repress my memories of this piece of garbage.
Lol @ Ruined my feelings!
This looks so fucken shit, I notice reusing footage from the first movie at 0:37 dodgy shit man
I've just seen the first movie. Was pretty awesome although I did not really like sad endings. Judging by all the comments, I'm not expecting much from the 2nd movie. Although I would wish to see how the scarred one looks like and if she really is draco's wife.
thanx. i've seen the movie now... it was a disappointment :( but thanks anyway ;)
@LedaRandom Thank you! :)
The trailer is cheesy :P
But i'll admit that as a kid I really liked this movie I loved dragons XD
I know it was supposed to be bad but I still loved Drake
@floortjj1 it's after
So...is drake a younger version of draco? Or is he his son or something?
I think this story was in the another DIMENSION.. that's why it doesn't ruin the 1st one!!!
Does this story take place BEFORE or AFTER the first Dragonheart movie? Please, can anyone tell me? The trailer isn't so clear about wether the dragon is actually Draco from the first movie in his early years, or that he's a completely new dragon...
Looks like crap. Not gonna watch it. And that's not because of cheezy graphics. The story sounds corny, and Christopher Masterson doesn't fit the role of a midieval person. Besides--can't beat the first one. Ever.
lame. It was embaressing watching this trailer.
By all the stars in heaven... I WILL HAVE THAT HEART TONIGHT!
I'm not going to see this because it shouldn't exist because I definately remember Draco saying he was the last dragon. Also, How can the annimation in the first film be very good and the second one's annimation be crap?!
Why is there an asian girl in mediveal europe (1:14)?
@spardantergilio lol I don't wanna give it away. you'll just have to watch it. if you can't find it on the internet, I'm pretty sure it comes on Disney XD on Tuesday
@LaManchagirl2008 I have both these movies. The second one is pretty good, as far as sequels go. Except that in my opinion the first is still the best ;)
@DragonHeart06 I looks like It has nothing to do with the first one! But separate in and of itself to make it good. Tell me if you have seen it already, and how it is please!
@artwriter76 its called "To the Stars" and it's by Randy Edelman :)
What is the song that plays from 1:28 onward. It's been driving my brother and I crazy. Can anyone tell me?
I loved the first movie,is this one any good?
@godofdarknes Randy Edelman -  Wonders Of An Ancient Glory.  All of the music featured in this trailer is from his original Dragonheart score. Well worth a purchase :)
is it me or does the dragon look like a teenage ninja turtle?
This trailer shows us how good the movie is.
i only watched it for robby benson...
Ummm... how did conery dragon pop that egg out?
I'm still afraid to see this movie, just cause I'm afraid it will ruin the first one for me (which I absolutly adore)...

...but damn, if Robby Benson is voicing the dragon? I might actually have to see it!
well iv seen the both of them .... but still like the first one the most :) but still good job on this one
They could have done better with the voices, BUT I STILL WANNA SEE THIS MOVIE BIG TIME! Drake is a REAL cutey! lol....O.o o.O...I think I scared myself....Well, he IS cute! and BOY do I wanna see this movie!
I feckin hated this movie
it's francis from malcom in the middle !!!!!!!!!!!!
185510 122 18 0 58
First Aired: July 2000 (UK)



When Geoff, an orphaned stable boy (Chris Masterson), discovers Drake (voice of Robby Benson), the world's last living dragon, he realizes that his dream of becoming a knight in shining armor can now come true. Together, they soon face challenges that turn them into heroes. But caught up in the excitement of their new lives, Geoff and Drake fail to see the hidden dangers that surround them.



Genre:Fantasy/Action

Director:Doug Lefler

Cast:Christopher Masterson, Harry Van Gorkum, Rona Figueroa
PT2M1S
sd
MovieID::::741
2514 4 2 0 0
Trailer to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayers 1953 musical Easy to Love
PT3M41S
sd
MovieID::::742
either I dont get it or this is really meaningless and not funny
HAHAHAHA this is the funniest flight video I've ever seen  !!!!!! It reminds me of an Aeroflot Flight where Captain of an Airbus A 310 Plane let his 16 year old son to sit at the controls. !!! Only Russians can be Crazy ( stupid) enough to let the kids fly airliners.!!!
The ending was the funniest dumb fuck
Ha very funny
That was fun, but I recon the last part was not really necessary
Or atleast subtitles, cause this is fun!
Children are playing the crew and at the end it appears that somehow they really got the customers. The passengers promise to use another company next time. (not a very funny Eralash this time, as I think)
Passazhiry, means passengers, she says: "Dear passengers"
what is that girls sayin???? when she says...pozozheniye.....

when i was in Russia, it was what the trolleybus and metro announcments used to say
58411 65 14 0 11

PT3M19S
sd
MovieID::::743
Well the movie was good the trailer shows in the movie was good
The trailer looks bad but it's the best film about Elvis I've ever seen.
5606 21 0 0 2
Elvis Meets Nixon Trailer 1998
Director: Allan Arkush
Starring: Bob Gunton, Zan Marolt, Elvedina Dzeko,  ,  ,

Official Content From Avalanche Entertainment

On court action combined with off court drama make this an exciting look at big time college hoops. Story focuses on the recruitment of 'blue chip' prospects that can make or break a season and a coach's career. Look for cameo by Bobby Knight.

Movie, Elvis Meets Nixon Movie,Elvis Meets Nixon Trailer,Elvis Meets Nixon 1998, Allan Arkush,Bob Gunton, Zan Marolt, Elvedina Dzeko,  ,  ,
PT53S
sd
MovieID::::744
Crispin Hellion Glover...... Crisp In Hell, (Ion, G Lover...... HHhhmmmn)???!!?? JUST SAYING, I mean am I REALLY/TRULY/HONESTLY the only one who finds him creepy as fuck!!??!? I remember watching him in Back to the future when I was like 8/9 maybe 10 and being genuinely creep'd the fuck out by him, and just wasn't really sure why. I mean, I was a kid, yet found his character seriously strange and basically just disliked the parts with him in it. Now I know why I was freaked out by him...... End of...... Still, I do love the different, the eccentric and the strange and it makes the world a more colourful one ...... Each to their own, live and let live (as long as your not hurting others that is!!!) Also, he literally NEVER AGES!!!!!! It's fucking mental, and I saw him on the red carpet with a beautiful young lady(as he tends to only surround himself with young, stunningly beautiful young women) And was also with his father who was also EXTREMELY strange, he was facially identical but much shorter in height. He looked a bit like Salvador Dali with the moustache That's all I got to say bout dat...... ; ) Sigh...... Head shake...... : ] : {
This is fucking top he needs to do an album with Tom green
This might be one of Glover's best performances. It was enjoyable before I even realized it was based upon a real guy. Nothing beats Gary (the actual Beaver kid) but this still moves me emotionally. The part that bothers me is that Harris made not one but two subsequent films trying to recreate this once in a lifetime thing. However, it doesn't bother me as much as it use to because nothing beats the real guy that inspired all of this. Just an intensely earnest guy obsessed with Olivia Newton John & put everything into impersonating her. He didn't have it down to a t, he wasn't a drag performer he was an impersonator & so many seem to forget that aspect.
Love Crispin Glover!!!! This is awesome!
Love Crispin but hate the sexual undertone of his impersonation in this movie- in real life what made it so great was its innocence and NON sexuality....nobody was aghast at some perversion etc...he was just being funny and trying to do a good job. Not a knock on Crispin at all though...
I'm mesmerized. Entrapped and enthralled. There is love. There is pain. There is desire and but most of all there is misunderstanding. I'm there with you and I love you.
I was watching this, when my mom comes in... O_O what are yo- you know what I don't even know *slowly  walks out
This....this man....-passes out from nose bleed-
It sounds like Dame Edna..
Surely I can't be the ONLY person who thinks this is nothing but an awkward trainwreck... Maybe I've missed the point?
Mmm... I love a man in drag, especially Crispin Glover. More men should do this. I think a lot of women like this, they just don't  admit to it. Remember, the male bird always had the prettiest feathers. Also, in ancient Egypt make-up and jewerly was designed for men. Society has it all backwards. Men should be the feminine ones. Not women!
mmmmm, crispin hellion glover! drag, or not... i'd still do him!
@foxxxyrae I met him at one of his shows too! Isn't he a sweetheart <3
he is one ugly woman
The original guy was indeed called Groovin' Gary, but both Crispin's and Sean Penn's character(s) were changed to "Groovin' Larry".
It's actually an impersonation of "Groovin' Gary." (Not Larry)  R.I.P.
ha reminds me of cedric from mars volta
There's that too...I guess we have similar(and peculiar) tastes as far as guys go...
I love Crispin.
Kidonia-



What is it with all the guys I like are crazy as hell?
More emotion than the real ONJ.
what is with all the guys I like and dressing in drag??
do I smell a new Megadeth single?
in a perfect world this would get a Criterion-esque release...sorry to hear Gary is gone..the way the film starts, it's an ok, what's this about kinda thing, the two dramatizations really open it up and bring an amazing understanding of what is going on in the original and how bizarre, sad, triumphant it was...and yet so regular, great work Trent Harris, and the always great Crispin Glover.
Oh... my... god... This made my life.
LMFAO
The man who Crispin Glover portrayed passed away this week :(

R.I.P.
CHG is fricking genius!
I got this on DVD!
I finally got this last weekend. It's excellent. Sean Penn almost does Spicoli again.
One of the best films I've seen. Really. Had to ask for it from behind the counter at Rocket Video in Hollywood. Works best as a trilogy featuring some of the early performances of soon to be stars. Trent Harris is an unknown genius. This film is an instant hit to whoever I show it to.
The film is called The Beaver Trilogy by Trent Harris. You can email him about buying a boot for $25 at echocave(dot)net.
This is an unreleased film, because it would be too expensive to get the rights to use the Olivia Newton John songs. I have seen the entire film as a bootleg video and it is mindblowing.
Omg!! How magnificent lol cripsin glover he's so crazy I love that guy
This guy is weird!!! lol  Maybe Olivia NJ and him do duet sometime...? Hilarious!
70966 319 11 0 42
Crispin Glover portraying Olivia Newton John impersonator Groovin' Larry in "The Orkly Kid", third part of Trent Harris' Beaver Trilogy. 1985.



http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0256639/
PT2M21S
sd
MovieID::::745
5807 13 0 0 1
Movie trailer...added captioning and age on textless trailer- created with nero 2016
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::746
Would have liked to have seen more "My Friend Irma" movies made beside just these two. The chemistry between John Lund and Marie Wilson was fantastic.
I finally watched My Friend Irma...I laughed so hard I thought I would wet myself!!!   Have not watch this yet...
10491 17 0 0 5
My Friend Irma Goes West is a 1950 film based on the radio show My Friend Irma and featuring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis (Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis). This sequel to My Friend Irma (1949) was released May 31, 1950 by Paramount Pictures.
PT2M19S
sd
MovieID::::747
Can you re-up this without the shit "music?"
1941 11 3 0 2
Music mashup "Jeux de guerre" (slowdown mix) by Androvirus & Yoshiwaku. Full album in free download here https://yoshiwaku.bandcamp.com/album/d-mantel-e
Filtered version of The forgotten faces by Peter Watkins. Dozen of unclassables free albums on the netlabel archive https://archive.org/details/le-colibri-necrophile?sort=-publicdate Also there is more weird video art clips in better quality here https://www.bitchute.com/channel/mixuptv/
And the latest news are here https://ello.co/ed_end
PT18M15S
sd
MovieID::::748
One of my favorite movies ever. Unfortunately not very well known. Still have the VHS of it.
i really love this movie, but I also loved the first few Police Academy movies.  FYI,  very little from that trailer made it into the actual movie.
This comedy classic such be better known.
Police Academy ripoff
awesome movie! very underrated but gets better with each time :)
but what happenned to John Murray? did he quit acting, got into drugs or what? i recently saw his picture and he looks destroyed, doesn't even resemble that young guy with so much energy and so many laughs!
Bill Murray's baby bro  - he did a god job.  This movie was funny  AF  XD
omfg jenifer tilly -_-
I really wish they would re-release it.
this moving is super funny
"When the going gets tough,  the tough get going in their pants."  I must have seen this movie twenty or more times on HBO back in the '80's.
LOL HOW COME I DIDN'T HEAR ABOUT THIS MOVIE????????? XD
Esta peli a mi me encanta. Las de Back to the future las dan todos los fines de semana, y esta no se les ocurre buscarla en la bodega ni por casualidad.
@Sallie - John is a brother.
Isn't that Bill Murray's son, or Brian-Doyle Murphy's son.
This film was cute, had it's moments, but can't say it was ALL funny! Jennifer Tilly is always a hot one though!
Awesome! Brings me back! : )
I enjoy this movie a lot...
the funniest movie ever made
omg!! the voice at the end sounded like Duke Nukem

This was a funny film. Laugh my ass off
:D saw this in 1985
@EONSFTFAN I found it at Suncoast video and Ebay on dvd
@spamanator666 I remember seeing this when I was a teen and thinking it was far better than most of the other "comedies" from that period. I don't buy the popular revisionist theory that all things 80s are cool and somehow better than the modern stuff. Most of the comedies back then sucked, aside from Hughes films and a few others. But Moving Violations was a funny movie, one of the few that had me laughing out loud. Shame that Murray's career basically tanked after this film
my favioret was mrs hale? picking up her siser at the airport and in the mens roon wondering why her back was all wet!!!   lol lol lol lol.
Thanks for posting this one. It was so funny, me and my buddies laugh remembering it.
Most memorable line of the movie.  Adelaide from Diff'rent Strokes!!   Long live Nedra Volz.
Good party huh? You should see it in Iran...Talk about your tough traffic laws, over there you get a moving violation...they take away your liscence and your hand! Chop it right off at the wrist!
I rememer the part where they reconfigured that bad cop's transmission and he had to drive in reverse the whole time!! LOL classic!!!
This movie is so awesome.
...and why's my back all wet.
Love the old lady "fuck em!"  "Cut their nuts off!"
Look for Don Cheadle in the Movie he works in the Drive Thru when all the cars go by
great =DDDDDDD (brazil)
84639 196 4 0 42
Original Theatrical Trailer for the 1985 screwball comedy Moving Violations. Starring John Murray, Jennifer Tilly, Wendy Jo Sperber, Fred Willard, and James Keach.
PT1M33S
sd
MovieID::::749
quiero verla ya me imagino que aca en salto la van a estrenar no? saludos!
27129 52 2 0 1
Tanta Agua, Uruguay 2013, escrita y dirigida por Ana Guevara y Leticia Jorge
ESTRENO EN MONTEVIDEO: 10 DE MAYO
Trailer por Agustín Ferrando Trenchi (MONACO)
PT1M38S
hd
MovieID::::750
2729 12 1 0 0
1958 Red Scare Movie
PT1M58S
sd
MovieID::::751
3973 12 0 0 0
The Happy Road: http://bit.ly/NyzdEl

Gene Kelly hits the happy road to Paris, love and laughter! The Hollywood icon - the creative force behind Singin' in the Rain, An American in Paris and more musical landmarks - produces, directors and stars in a winning family comedy about two single parents who team up in pursuit of their respective children, runaways from a posh Swiss boarding school. Never fear: after many mix-ups, the parents find their offspring and romance. Michael Redgrave cameos as a can-do NATO officer whose troops join the search. "Lively and charming...an amusing lot of comic complications," cheered Bosley Crowther in The New York Times, who noted that "Mr. Kelly is outstanding...functioning most effectively in each of his roles - as actor, producer and director, but particularly as a propagandist for brotherly love." Filmed on location and bright with joie de vivre, The Happy Road won a 1958 Golden Globe® as Best Film Promoting International Understanding.

------
1,000+ Rare films, TV movies, and series on DVD direct from the Studio.
http://www.warnerarchive.com
PT3M1S
sd
MovieID::::752
I miss Paul so much.  He was dangerous and funny and shocking and rude and anything else that came into his gourd.  It is wonderful to have his films to remind me of just how dedicated he was to expression,  pushing the boundaries and falling into a 5th of vodka like it was heaven.
is there any official record of what he is saying? at first i kept hearing "distraught" or "this girl", and then depending on what everyone has already commented, I would hear it as that frase or word
this girl is strong
"This Drug is Strong"... In addition to hearing "destroy".
good thing i ain't prone to seizures
this girl i destroyed
I liked the part where he said "destroy"
I wish my dad could have experienced Youtube and I wonder how he would have manipulated works done digitally or if he would reject the media completely.
40542 425 17 0 12
The final movement of Paul Sharits 1968 film
PT1M51S
sd
MovieID::::753
james dean  2:17
Thanks, Once Again, Sir Skolimowski. A Symphony by a MAESTRO...
1316 12 0 0 2
Educational Purposes Only
PT7M25S
sd
MovieID::::754
What a boring old cunt
As an Afrikaans South African living in Cape Town.. I just need to say his Afrikaans accent is flawless. Bill Bailey really is a genius.
Have been a fan of yours since hearing about your Kraftwerk & U2 parodies-keep up the good work Bill...

18976 56 1 0 4
Qualmpeddler is out from the 18th November. Pre-order from Amazon here http://amzn.to/1gO90k8
Subscribe to the channel here - http://bit.ly/UPComedy
Visit the Facebook page here - https://www.facebook.com/comedy
Follow us on Twitter here - https://twitter.com/comedyuniversal
PT1M16S
hd
MovieID::::755
what is the song?
Géniale comme film
Quelqu'un aurait-il la musique de la bande annonce???
A voir!!! Très belle histoire, très touchant, et un film qui sort un peu de l'ordinaire, Dieu que cela fait du bien... :-)
9263 8 1 0 4
IVUL is the extraordinary story of Alex, a young man who climbs on to the roof of a

house and refuses to ever come back to earth. He lives out a brief and dramatic life in

exile looking down upon a family that he loves but is too stubborn to return to.



http://www.ivulmovie.com
PT1M47S
hd
MovieID::::756
Quiero descargar la película y no la cinsigo
good movie!!!
where can you buy the movie
this trailer looks like it was editied in imovie
I was in this movie what happen I don't think this movie was supported rightg
But he's not "fugly."
this looks good, john is awesome
The character he played was fucking pathetic.
This garbage looks about as enjoyable as enduring a colonoscopy.
Hollywood, its like you have just given up. Ugh.
His voice sounds like one of the penguins from Madagascar.
that font tho O.o
i feel sorry for john in general he reminds me of  kevin hart they just try to hard to be funny
is this movie based on john`s life...?:)
114296 246 21 0 26
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Fugly! Official Trailer 1 (2014) - John Leguizamo Comedy Movie HD

A Latino comic's near-death experience forces him to revisit his personal and professional highs and lows.
PT2M17S
hd
MovieID::::757
My mate Yann Demange
2315 12 2 0 1
'71 director Yann Demange shares his technique for working with extras.
PT1M24S
hd
MovieID::::758
whats the name of ther song plz?
15179 20 0 0 1
Directed by Jérôme Bonnell
Produced by Rectangle Productions
Genres : Fiction - Runtime : 1 h 45 min
French release : 10/04/2013
Production year : 2013

A day. A train. Two strangers.
Exchanged glances, accelerated heartbeats.
Watching her leave, losing her forever or allowing himself a moment of adventure?
And what if Alix's life was turned upside down?

More info : http://en.unifrance.org/movie/34311/just-a-sigh
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::759
Julianne Moore doesn't age. She is so fucking beautiful.
FUCKING.GAY.
49836 20 3 0 5
Still Alice Trailer 2014
Director: Richard Glatzer
Starring: Julianne Moore, Alec Baldwin, Kristen Stewart, Kate Bosworth, Hunter Parrish, Erin Darke

Official Content From Sony Pictures Classics

Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis, Alice and her family find their bonds tested in STILL ALICE.

Movie, Still Alice Movie,Still Alice Trailer,Still Alice 2014, Richard Glatzer,Julianne Moore, Alec Baldwin, Kristen Stewart, Kate Bosworth, Hunter Parrish, Erin Darke
PT2M22S
hd
MovieID::::760
48481 29 3 0 0
Beau film sur l'amitié.

Très drôle et très tendre, le premier film de Toledano et Nakache avant Nos jours heureux...
PT49S
sd
MovieID::::761
Einer der wenigen Filme die ich schon nach fünf Minuten wieder ausgemacht habe, weil mir das gelaber von der Frau so auf den Sack ging. Dieses Oberlehrerhafte ich rette die Welt ding ist so aufgesetzt und lächerlich.
Hab eben den Film im Fernsehen gesehen. Weiß zufällig jemand, ob diese "Abschiedsballade" , also das Gedicht, was am Ende bei der Hochzeit auf der Brücke vorgelesen wird, aus einem Buch ist? Und wenn ja welches? :-) Danke!
Kann mir jemand erklären wieso 3 Stunden ? Hab ich nicht verstanden.
Da der Flug doch erst am nächsten Morgen geht sind es doch deutlich mehr
...was sollte also auch die Hektik auf der Brücke ?
Suicide Club | Deutscher Kino-Trailer HD

(einfach oben bei suchen eingeben)

Low Budget aber gut.
fast... ich will ja nix sagen... aber Hollywood bringt ja auch FAST nur noch den gleichen Mist...;)
der letzte lude ^^ beste
auch hier gucken guterklatsch.de/blog/1669/drei+stunden+trailer+zur+neuen+deutschen+komoedie.html
"dringend was klären" :DDD versteh schon...
Der Schuh des Manitu ;P
Liebe deutsche Filmindustrie  ihr könnt einfach keine guten Filme drehen      Und was zur Hölle soll das mit dem Genre    Drama und Comedy ? Bzw dramedy   Nennt mir bitte einen lustigen deutschen Film der mich vom Hocker haut   :).
Ernsthaft... die meisten amerikanischen Filme finde ich allesamt schlechter! Ich gebe zu, dass bei vielen deutschen Filmen die Trailer schlecht geschnitten sind , aber die Filme an sich sind häufig ziemlich gut. Beispielsweise bei "Heute bin ich blond" meinten auch viele, dass der Film scheiße sei (nur weil er einer deutschen Produktion entstammen würde) und er war richtig überwältigend!
Hehe, liegt doch auf der Hand.
Wenn du einen Trailer schlecht findest einfach kein Like aber auch kein Dislike… Wenn die einen Trailer schick findest, einen Like ;)
Ich bin mir nie sicher ob ich Solchen Videos einen like oder einen dislike geben sollte. Ich finde euren Kanal super aber den Trailer an sich schlecht.
Er Film ist so gut, ich würd ihn mir nichmal herunterladen ..
die dislikes gibt es nicht aufgrund eures channels, sondern weil die meisten deutschen filme einfach nur gleich und total vorhersehbar sind :/

deutsche Filme halt... fast alle Quark
deutsche kacke
70364 130 27 0 17
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u27a4' in position 132: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::762
Why is this impossible to find in 2019?
11137 5 1 0 1
James Franco directs this documentary on Bondage and Kink in the Adult Entertainment Industry.  Amazing behind the scenes look at the making of that type of porn.
PT1M25S
sd
MovieID::::763
This looks really good I can't wait to see it
Why do i feel most of us are just here for Mathew Gray Gubler?
the music of this trailer just convinced me that I do not have to see this film.
i soooo love this song!!!
this looks like the suckiest movie ever. came here because I saw MGG was in it and wanted to give it a shot, but tbh idek if I'm going to watch it now.
When does this movie come out! ?
Trailer looks decent
Will Sasso!!!
Matthew Gray Gubler!!! :D
86408 110 23 0 14
Odessa is a beautiful girl addicted to the attention and money that being an adult film star brings.  William, a lonely mechanic, has a crush on her, and she indulges his fantasy and leads him on.   Thinking he can save her and help her find a normal life, he befriends her drug-fueled bodyguard, Angry Jack, to get close to her.
PT1M14S
hd
MovieID::::764
Actually excited for this!! I love Joss and Hart!!! They're great directors and the others seem great as well! This is interesting! Can't wait!
Looks fantastic, really interested in seeing this!
1262 23 1 0 3
"Showrunners" is the first ever feature length documentary film to explore the fascinating world of U.S. television showrunners and the creative forces aligned around them. These people are responsible for creating, writing and overseeing every element of production on one of the United State's biggest exports -- television drama and comedy series. The film intends to show audiences the huge amount of work that goes into making sure their favorite TV series airs on time as well as the many challenges that showrunners have to overcome to make sure a new series makes it onto the schedules at all!
PT2M28S
hd
MovieID::::765
Sweden during the 1570-1580s.
Hi Joki, can you send a download link of this film? Thanks a lot in advance!
The music is by Matti Bye and Frederick Emilson. The soundtrack is breathtaking, chokes me up every time. If I remember correctly, it was paired with the movie more recently, like in the 1970s. The movie, while already fantastic, is all the better for it.
Is it just me or is The image cut off? Parts of some title cards seem offscreen
I saw this beatiful piece of silent cinema a few years ago. And yet I still come back because of the stunning music. Does anybody know name of the artist that made the ost? Thanks
Love the music ! <3
8110 33 4 0 8

PT1H36M47S
sd
MovieID::::766
one of the best movies i've seen. masterpiece.
Definitely a specialist taste... And top marks from this anti-nonce specialist
this movie just reaches out and grabs you. wonderful, and underrated
The best film I have ever seen
please post the whole movie
35618 40 1 0 5
GB 2001

d: Dom Rotheroe

starring Jenna Harrison and Ben Whishaw.

Story about two abused teenagers falling in love with each other.
PT1M38S
sd
MovieID::::767
what's the name song?
1961 the last time I saw elvis he was spanking my mom jenny maxwell from laurel canyon norway and ellie in blue hawaii we loved thé bamboo bar at the luau restrant of beverly Hills harvey jacobson and Paul rapp my dad from usc and benedict canyon hutton drive used Brian rapp me as bait with thé j f k blondes mahallo to luie Alfred and cheryl crain
Where i find this??
Is it possible to see whole movie somwhere?
dont really understand what you ment there
i have to see this
restaurant industry is a big pile of shit
fuuuuuuuccccckkkkkkkkkkkk you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fucking wanker.
Streaming Movie Online Free

streamingmovieonlin3.blogspot.com
Just make my drink

se ve muy buena !!!
132608 399 24 0 12
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Hey Bartender Official Trailer #1 (2013) - Documentary HD


Two bartenders try to achieve their dreams through bartending. An injured Marine turns his goals to becoming a principal bartender at the best cocktail bar in the world. A young man leaves his white-collar job to buy the corner bar in his hometown years later he struggles to keep afloat. The bar is three deep and the bartenders are in the weeds at the greatest cocktail party since before Prohibition. Hey Bartender is the story of the rebirth of the bartender and the comeback of the cocktail. Featuring the world's most renowned bartenders and access to the most exclusive bars in New York with commentary from Graydon Carter, Danny Meyer and Amy Sacco.
PT1M43S
hd
MovieID::::768
1125 1 0 0 0
Available on DVD through www.umbrellaent.com.au

Buy it here:  http://www.umbrellaent.com.au/p-3271-matter-of-size-a.aspx

Four overweight friends from the Israeli city of Ramle are fed up of dieting and the dieting club they belong to. When Herzl (155 kilos), the main protagonist, loses his job as a cook and starts working as a dishwasher in a Japanese restaurant in Ramle he discovers the world of Sumo where large people such as himself are honoured and appreciated.

Through Kitano (60 kilos), the restaurant owner, a former Sumo coach in Japan (who is supposedly hiding from the Yakuza in Israel), he falls in love with a sport involving 'two fatsos in diapers and girly hairdos'. Herzl wants Kitano to be their coach but Kitano is reluctant -- they first have to earn their spurs.

A Matter Of Size is a comedy about a 'coming out' of a different kind -- overweight people learning to accept themselves.
PT2M5S
sd
MovieID::::769
An editing glitch in the first 10 seconds of the trailer ... really ? at 0:09 the ring switch magically from his right hand to his left hand and everyone's ok with that.
This movie is crap. Watched because I heard about it awhile back on Doug Loves Movies. This movie is bad. D-Student film bad.
Each year I patiently wait or TCFF to send me the publication listing the films to be exhibited for the coming festival. Some are films I have heard of, others are by directors, actors and or writers who’s body of work with which I’m familiar, but periodically a title, name or image captures my attention; such was the case with “Summer of Blood.” A film with a quirky collection of Vampires and a 30 something guy just trying to skate through life. Lane J. Lubell
http://cinemashadow.com/traverse-city-film-festival/summer-of-blood/
What an utter sexist piece of shit. The males bitten were killed and the females just turned. Typical. crappy humor to boot. Looks like they made it up as they went along.
I saw it and loved it. I could go into a rant about how you cant appreciate this if you are into mainstream movies because this is different and creative.
ummm, I give up :(
Looks like one of those movies that you'd regret renting, put it in the player and turn off after 10 minutes, regretting the time you wasted afterwards.
Saw nothing funny in the trailer at all, everyone must've been on the whacky baccy if they laughed at this.
hipster vampire.. no thanks
I LOVED your movie. Bravo :)
My quick review on this hilarious movie! :_ http://www.ixdaily.com/the-grind/indie-movie-success-summer-blood-brought-lols-fantasia-film-fest
Nice job fucking up an episode of Doug Loves Movies. You came off like an erratic egomaniac.
I will never watch your film because you were such a douche on Doug Loves Movies. Yeah buddy, we've heard of Springsteen's old stuff, but thanks:covri:
Hey Onur
Congratulations on the new film.  This looks great.  Your "Dingalingless" still holds an exalted place in my film collection.
Video posted @ Decay Magazine on Flipboard: http://flip.it/Anz5C
Hilarious & non-sparkling vampires is another plus! Congrats Production Team!
52913 48 17 0 16
SUMMER OF BLOOD in (select) theaters and VOD October 17th, 2014.  If you're in New York, get your tickets here.  http://nymediacenter.com/2014/09/screen-forward-summer-of-blood/
PT1M22S
hd
MovieID::::770
Diana Dors isn't in this scene. Please rename your video title
SO WHERE WAS DIANA DORS????
4669 15 6 0 3
http://www.vcientertainment.com/index.php?route=product/product&filter_name=Alligator&filter_description=true&filter_sub_category=true&product_id=564&path=59

For songwriter Peter Weston (Donald Sinden), life is perfect. He is set to marry Vanessa Colebrook (Diana Dors), mink upholstered daughter of wealthy Sir James Colebrook (James Robertson Justice). With her of course, goes her share of her father's millions. And Vanessa has priceless charms of her own to add to the bargain. Then Daisy, an affectionate alligator, waddles into Peter's life.
PT3M55S
sd
MovieID::::771
Anyone know where I can purchase or trade a copy of this film?
Robert Switzer adapted Albert Lewin's screenplay into a novel.
6839 17 1 0 4
An Albert Lewin production about a Mexican girl who becomes possessed by the spirit of the jaguar god to whom local Mayan maidens were once sacrificed. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Mexico/USA.
PT1M44S
hd
MovieID::::772
Is the line ' better than smack on belly with wet fish' in this film?
I remember watching this about fifteen years ago on daytime TV, a lovely film, no sex or violence, just light hearted fun.
4097 12 0 0 2
http://www.vcientertainment.com/Film-Categories?keyword=Upsta&product_id=550

Richard Barrie (Michael Craig) and wife Kate (Anne Heywood) are a pair of newlyweds. Kate's father, and Richard's boss, Mansfield (James Robertson Justice) insists that the couple take on domestic help in order to continue entertaining his rich clients.  Who would have thought that finding help would be so much fun!
PT2M45S
sd
MovieID::::773
Looks fantastic! Can't wait to see it!
2832 9 0 0 1
To show LEVITATED MASS in your community please contact stsales@firstrunfeatures.com.

For more information visit www.FirstRunFeatures.com/levitatedmass

LEVITATED MASS is the story of a rock star; the artist behind the sensation; a $10 million, 22-city tour; and the international media storm that ensued—but not in the way you might expect.  Prominently displayed outside the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, renowned and reclusive land artist Michael Heizer's "Levitated Mass" gained worldwide recognition during its installation in 2012.  Over the course of 10 nights, a 340-ton solid granite boulder crawled through Southern California neighborhoods on a 294-foot-long, 206-wheeled trailer, drawing hundreds of camera crews and cell phone shooters alike to document its journey. Tens of thousands of people came out to watch the megalith travel through their communities to its final resting place over a 456-foot-long negative space formed by a concrete slot. "Levitated Mass" is one of the only pieces of art in recent history to inspire such a reaction in pop culture, bringing together the art community, public officials, and the general population to debate the merits and pitfalls of a giant stone suspended above their heads. The film takes on Heizer's passion for this piece and masterfully interweaves this influential artist's biography with the backstory of the art (originally conceptualized in 1968), the dreams of a major museum, and the uniting of a city, examining the perennial question: "What is art?"
PT1M55S
hd
MovieID::::774
What a fkn amazing movie
This was delightfully surprising. Stumbled across on Amazon w/ no lead-in info & I’m glad.
What a crazy twist in the ending.
Surprisingly good! I wasn’t sure about this movie until I read the reviews here. I gave it a go. It did not disappoint.
This was a very good movie. was unique. worth the watch for sure.
Worth watching
Much better than I expected. If you're a Hitchcock or Twilight Zone fan you'll love this. Didn't find on Wikipedia,  though.
Very good. Great twist at the end. Some blood but no gore as such. Well worth a watch. And they left a way to have a sequel.
135704 102 15 0 10
Sarah (Katie Walder) & Josh McLaren (Matt Passmore) are a young married couple living in suburban Las Vegas. After a car accident, Sarah decides life is short and she and her husband should start a family and begin to live every moment of their lives to the fullest. But shortly after, she begins to suffer a series of disturbing memory lapses and frequent blackouts that seem to be increasing in intensity. Not sure what is happening and feeling as if she is losing her mind, Sarah finds out she is pregnant and subsequently, to her shock, that her husband is sterile. As her marriage and world begin to fall apart, she makes a desperate attempt to find the truth by planting a hidden camera in her home. What she discovers is both horrific and life altering and involves a dark secret about her neighbor Dale (Nathan Keyes) that is even more far-reaching than anyone could imagine. Based on the terrifying horror novel The Resurrectionist by Wrath James White.

Available in Theaters and Video On Demand July 25th!
PT2M2S
sd
MovieID::::775
God bless you always my friend, I hope you have a great 2019!    :)
He's the b to the u to the double b
4568 12 23 0 2
This is a BRAND NEW comedy special from Netflix. This vid also includes 2 other movie reviews.
PT6M45S
sd
MovieID::::776
still like this movie
That's in my town!!!
Good movie.......not zombies but bout infected....with a independent movie kinna feel. Poor special effects. Overal good movie.....warm ending was refreshing ..too many zombie or outbreak movies have downer ..emo endings.
Watching now, not really a zombie movie. More like The Crazies. Worth a watch, wouldn't buy it.
Oh boy, looks like the "zombies" are covered in mud. Like MrFlix said, thanks to YIFY, I will gladly check this out.
This movie wasn't that bad, apart from the acting. I thought this until I saw the ending, it sucked balls, I mean, a zombie outbreak would be impossible to contain, realistically, with the strength and resistance to pain that the infected have, they would be powerful enough to spread worldwide within months, weeks even, but no, there just had to be a happy, inconclusive ending.
Movie trailer looks sick but its really poorly acted and some silly scripts were put in play. Also I don't get the relationships were formed, it just felt like a rushed movie.

The guy friend in this movie isn't a great actor at all too.
and do they??

why are you so angry i looked at the trailer read the negative comments about the movie and still watched it and didn't like it...you happened to like it and someone else didn't and decide to vent about it on here just like the others makes u a critic just as much as me...the movie did have good camera work and seemed well put together based on the budget but it was boring anti climatic and none of the actors did a good job besides the main character...get over it
@ 2051526. I agree. It was entertaining and well done. I recommend it as well. This was a really good indie movie. The screen play, camera work, acting, editing, sound, cinematography, etc., were top notch. I'm a film maker myself. With my present skill set, I couldn't have done a better job. I'm tired of all the back seat, YouTube, want-a-bee, movie critics. Don't listen to those people guys. Watch movies and judge for yourselves. If you went to film school then maybe you can be a good critic.
I'm really tired of all of you back seat movie critics. Most of you want-a-bees only have negative things to say about every movie you see. I admit some movies really suck, but NOT THIS ONE. This was a really good indie movie. The screen play, camera work, acting, editing, sound, cinematography, etc., were top notch. I am a film maker myself, and with my present skill set, I couldn't have done a better job. Why don't you naysayers try making a movie? I'm sure if you did it would really suck!
I'm interested, but there's so much variations of THE SAME low budget zombie movie (we've already have the VERY shallow 'Walking Dead' series) that I rather wait for WORLD WAR Z to come out.
.
Being 100% sincere: World War Z (despite being of a juvenile theme 'zombies', show how different people in different countries react to EXTREME SITUATIONS in different levels, and for that I think is one of the top 10 books I've ever read -trolls fuckyou- ) THAT BOOK it's actually really very interesting!
"a legless chimpanzee with a crayon up its ass" lmao!  Thumbs up.
WOW, this movie sucks more balls than Lindsay Lohan. Started off great, with a nice bit of suspense, probably 'cos most of the actors weren't sayin shit. As soon as they do, you're slapped across the face with the realisation that the dialogue was created via a legless chimpanzee with a crayon up its ass. As is this wasn't bad enough the movie can't make up its fuckin mind what the infected should be, some growl like demons, (nice), others just yell like a kid needin a slap, and some CHAT!!! WTF
Just what the film world needed, another stupid low budget zombie movie.... EPIC MAYOR FAIL.
The so called "zombies" were actually some dirty talentless people with red eyes (probably because of insomnia), who roared like they have eaten shit for breakfast.
I can't find any other words to describe the complete shittyness of this wasted film.
Just stay the hell away.
LOL, came here because of YIFI
Your comment is invalid. It caused a mutation, so they are not zeds. I bet you think 28 Days/Weeks Later has zombies as well. :P
Movie sucks ass im still watching it (well kinda) as i type this comment horrible acting...character development sucks and nobody is likable kinda hoping they all die
that garbage until I make a better
The ending is an anticlimactic piece of shit
The main character is a good actor, all the rest are kind of meh, but a good survival flick... kind of
now imagen hurndreds to thousands of those crazy guys like in that hallway running at u at one time that's what a real zombie apocalypse would be like
low budget, very entertaining, highly recommended.
After 11,098 views when i saw this trailer and you where the only one who commented lmao

nice! im first xD
156923 78 13 0 29
Follow us on Twitter: @SignatureEntUK
Facebook: www.facebook.com/SignatureEntertainmentUK
PT2M5S
hd
MovieID::::777
Ermm is he supposed to be some sort of hero for not spreading the STD to her? After he basically cheated on her with a prostitute/stripper at his stag?
Uuuhm.... he can`t have sex with his girlfriend / fiance / wife because of whatever he has...?  I dont get it:  are in England no CONDOMS available? can someone explain that to me, please?
Lydia cheated on kyle with jarvis if you watch closely behind kyle when he pushes jarvis out the way to confront her jarvis gets on his phone and calls Lydia to give her the heads up that he knows she cheated because when the father calls her to come downstairs she says she's on the phone
I watched this last night and was wondering "spoiler aler" for anyone who hasn't watched

did Jarvis take him to the brothel knowing he gave Lydia an std so he could make Kyle think it was him who got it and not Lydia?
this basically just showed the whole film- ive literally just seen the film now- apart from the ending tho
I watched this film in Spain where it was on at Festival. On a budget of 50k it's very well made technically. It's script is meh... There are a few laughs if you like that kind of humour. For me it relys on smut rather than sillyness for gags, and draws on inspiration from the 'Jack-the-lad vs Loose-girl culture. For a Romcom it skirts the line of drama a little too much. In a nutshell it's hit and miss. I too found the 'twist' ambigous. I won't kaibosh it anymore than that. Working in independent films myself film making at this level is very difficult and tiring. So all in all it's a job well done for want of a better term.
Dat ending tho
Actually There is 2 Explanation For the Ending And 3 Potential Conclusion

1.she cheated on him with jarvis

2. Jarvis taught her that because she cheated on kyle with that guy she was talking about when she came acting drunk

Potential Conclusion

a. Jarvis knew they both cheated on each other but he didnt want to ruin his friend life so he taught them both the same line

b. Jarvis had sex with Lydia and when she asked him the same way kyle asked he taught her the line

c. Lydia Cheated on kyle with that guy she was talking about and came to Jarvis to figure out something when kyle ask her so he taught her that line

the movie is amazing there is should be part 2 i just want to see how Jarvis is gonna explain that to his best mate,

idea for part 2 maybe he will convenes kyle with something and they get married But at the end of part 2 she get exposed SOUND LIKE A GREAT IDEA FOR PART 2 :)
just watched it, wasnt bad, actually kind of enjoy it, will i rewatch it ? probably not and the best part of it is the end
guys...was wandering what you will going to do if you find out...your Gf,fiancee...cheated on you,without make any physical mess???
The Trailer is actually much better than the actual movie. What a waste of time for me this was. 3/10
if you skipped half the movie cuz you found it boring you'd never know what the end means! i had to come here to find out lmao
sooooo im sure iv just watch the hole movie?
Da fuck?! .. The Hangover, UK Version ?!
i just watched 2.26 minute movie .. well done editor ..
Such a good film! Watched it a few times now and keep seeing funny little bits that I didn't see the first time round. Great little one liners too. I like the way it goes from being a bit jokey to getting quite serious for the main characters, definitely recommend this film, it's even one you can watch with your other half.
The ending was the best part !!!!!!
didn't see that coming,,,,, brilliant movie
Does anyone know the songs in this trailer?
It's based on an old Stanley Kubrick script and if you watch the trailer closely you can see clues about who was really behind 9/11.
What a way to give away the film stupid trailer! And this film is way too predictable!
Cracking! AWESOME! can't wait! I heard the opening titles are amazing!
Wie geil ist das Bitte??! Hoffentlich kommt der bei und in D auch raus! Muss ich unbedingt gucken!
Very good love the look of it ;) Looks very funny!
hahaha that's funny.. can't wait to see the whole movie!!
Omg this looks shit
Omfg this looks shit
I was an Extra in this film. Really good doing it.
Can't bloody wait!!!
Hello! I'm a work colleague of Dave Morgan and I must say, this looks bloody brilliant. Announce a UK premier date and I'm there...good luck!
548180 380 86 0 45
When Kyle returns from his stag-do with an STD he's left unable to have sex with his fiancée Lydia in the run-up to their wedding. Under the tutelage of Jarvis, his best man and only confidant, Kyle does everything he can to avoid any form of sexual contact with his bride-to-be. However, with Lydia growing ever more suspicious and with no way of getting himself out of the mess he's created, Kyle wonders whether his one drunken indiscretion will see him ever make it down the aisle.
PT2M26S
hd
MovieID::::778
12115 36 0 0 0
Documentary by Manuel von Stürler
Berlinale 2012 Forum
Louise Productions
PT1M34S
hd
MovieID::::779
@oursmassif, deadly... Just like Cole, from InFamous. But he was bitten in the DLC. He's not really a vampire
imagine if batman get bitten... would be awsome X)
@sopmah Ozzy Osbourne.
Wait, if Dracula is the Prince of Darkness, then who is the King of Darkness?
Has anyone noticed that Dracula looks similar to Ra's Al Ghul in this?
Dracula looses at the end.
70718 175 9 0 9
"The Batman vs. Dracula" is a 2005 animated feature directed by Michael Gougen. Featuring the voice talents of Rino Romano, Peter Stormare, Alastair Duncan, Kevin Michael Richardson, Tom Kenny and Tara Strong. As Bruce Wayne attempts to strengthen a romantic relationship with reporter Vicki Vale, an ancient evil has risen from Gotham City Cemetary. Now, the Batman must fight to stop Dracula from enslaving Gotham's citizens as vampire drones, including the villainous Penguin and Joker.
PT53S
sd
MovieID::::780
Thanks so much for uploading this!!!
leonard yasss
Is it just me, or does the theme music sound very similar to "The Prisoner" with Patrick McGoohan?
Live long and prosper.
I like his NY apt. This is my favorite part - Leonard: "You're a great looking chick"
This is a pilot for a TV show that never happened
Sigh going to miss you Nimoy.
Does anyone know the french title for this movie ?
Leonard Nimoy, an icon, taken too soon.  He'll be missed as long as the stars burn in the heavens.
Leonard Nimoy, R.I.P. Feb 27, 2015
Such a cool film, I went on Amazon and ordered myself a copy of it on DVD. I'll be pulling it out of my mailbox within the next week (it's only shipping from one state over, so it's probably NOT going to take the full two weeks specified in the shipper's c/y/a delivery-timing promise...)
Rock out with the Baffled! music at the 6:28 minute mark. Been a lot of years since I've seen this movie, and didn't even know it was on Youtube. I just got the DVD for it. Leonard Nimoy! Vera Miles! That's the same Christopher Benjamin who played Jago from the Talons of Weng-Chiang!

Such a weird, and great, production with Norman Felton who's associated with the Man from Uncle series. Being a bit of a supernatural horror can help too.

Love the Tom Baker icon for this page!
Baffled! is now available on DVD from Scorpion Records. It contains both US and UK versions. Baffled! fans, rejoice!!
Most of the episodes were and some of them are available on Youtube
I heard of that program but I havn't really watched is it good?
This is actually a pilot for a television series. Too bad it was never picked up. Three years later, Nimoy would host, "In Search Of..."
You're very welcome! It wasn't easy to find and I don't remember where I even got the original but in any case I grabbed it while I could. Cheers!
thanks very much for posting these! I always wanted to finish the film... I originally watched it (back in 1977!) up to the part where they were trapped in the elevator shaft, and didn't get to see the rest of the film until now 2013!... well done for posting..
Anytime! It was hard to find I tell ya
your bloody welcome lol
oh my goodness, if this isn't absolutely adorable. fan-bloody-tastic. put a smile on my face! :-D
Does anyone know what house this was filmed at?

Saw this years ago, on 16mm projector.

Jewel Blanch was in one of the scariest Night Gallery stories, "The Doll".  Leonard Nimoy, Susan Hampshire and Rachel Roberts also appeared in Night Gallery.
No prob. Enjoy the Nimoy!
Thank you KittyKat. I found it!  I know some people want to bash this series but I loved it when it first it TV and was really sorry to see it not take off for Nimoy.  {pouting}
Extremely lol
Oh how I love Leonard Nimoy. Isn't he adorable. :)
15229 69 2 0 32
This is "Baffled" which is a RARE and very hard to find movie with sexy Leonard Nimoy. Hope all you Leonard Nimoy fans love it!!!!!
PT14M46S
sd
MovieID::::781
when I was 5 years old I was watching this movie everyday and I don't understand anything of it because it was in English now I can speak English but I don't have the movie I will be thankful to the person who can send me a link of full movie
And this was the last Spencer/Hill movie released. What a team these two were.
My grandpa recorded this movie to me and I used to watch it with him, what memories it brings
Kind of reminds me of MIAMI COPS (or something like that!) that they did.
Bud Spencer is the greatest ever. You should have put in the scene of him jumping in front the four asian dudes..where he says "watch out, somebody is coming through the window" lol
Here,
wilhelmcermak
A.D. Meakin, Franco Micalizzi
Song:In the middle of all that trouble again
49854 73 4 0 9
Cinematic Trailer of the Movie Go For It with Terence Hill and Bud Spencer
PT2M53S
sd
MovieID::::782
I live this film. The best children's film ever. I remember crying when Rachel fell in. I always wanted a relationship with someone like theirs. The actors were very realistic, and comfortable with each other. The little girl had the perfect smile, and the boy was mature, as I imagine some kids were, in those days. I was born in 63.. things were going to shit then, and thus became the end if an aera where children could live normal lives. Now they are breeding children for their Gay agenda, and it's sad. To them, normal is boring...
The rector at my former parish showed this several years in a row for the parishioners back in the 1960s.  Those were the days when you needed a projector to show a 16mm film!  I've never forgotten it, and was pleasantly surprised to find it on DVD a few years ago.
Thanks so much for posting this clip! I saw this film on TV when I was a kid and I've just discovered its title after all these years. It's one of those films that left a huge impression on me... Unforgettable! And yes, magical.
This is the only film I remember as a child. It made such an impact on me. I never forgot it. By reading the other comments, I see I was not the only one. There is something very magical in the writing of this story. I cant quite put my finger on it, just as others have stated. Just "magical".
My favorite kid movie <3
Oh my goodness, this use to be my favorite show on Saturday mornings...I would watch each movie clear to the end..then would run outside to play...thanks for posting. greatly appreciated!!!  :)  Greetings from the sunny south!!!
This was my favorite and most memorable of the CFF.
i wa smaybe 8 or 9 years old when i saw this.....have not seen it sense. i had a crush on rachel and i remember i cried when she fell into the water.
I remember it too.   Its the first film that I remember having an impact on me on television.   It was already some years old when I saw it, as I was not born when it was released!  The CBS Children's FIlm Festival!   Yes, I remember the bloodbrother bit.   They sure don't make films like that anymore, and when they do, they make a big deal out of it.
I remember seeing this program as a little boy and I have NEVER forgotten the impact it had on me, but I cannot remember exactly why.  I haven't see it for nearly forty years but I have never forgotten the emotional impact it had on me.  I am looking forward to seeing it again.
I remember watching this lovely film years ago.  It was a gentle movie with a powerful message.  Loretta Parry ("Rachel") bears quite a resemblance to Mouseketeer Linda Hughes, BTW.
friends after many years finally found a page on the internet with complete film .... great memories of my childhood, just ask Me and I send
amig@s despues de muchos años al fin encontre una pagina en internet con la pelicula completa.... gran recuerdo de mi niñez, solo pidanmela y se la envío
I think I saw this movie as a double-feature with "Gorgo" (or something like that)
in the early 60s.
In any case, it's a sweet, but honest and well-made film, as I remember.
My favorite movie as a child on the Children's Film Festival.
That's where I saw this movie back in the 60's on Kukla, Fran and Ollie it was the Children's Film Festival. I thought it was intriguing and the children were marvelous. I loved other films on the festival too from all over the world.
I was about 12 or 11 years old I remember playing my ps2 while it turn  on i was changing channels i saw this i stop started watching i really like it i didnt knew the name of it till now
I remember seeing this sweet film in elementary school cafeteria! Thank you for posting it!
I clearly remember this film.  It had a profound affect on me.  The kid actors were believable
@CBSCFFestival I just bought it in a grocery store. I felt like I was six years old again.
@ThisIsRuthie

Michael does accuse Rachel of killing Christ in this film (or rather, her people).  This conversation is what leads the two to visit each other's place of worship.
I think I remember this film.  I remember a film about a boy and a girl where one was Jewish and the other was Christian.  Somewhere towards the end the boy (I think) says "YOU KILLED JESUS!" or something like that.  I was thinking it was color and the boy was blonde though.
@jensmom604 Thanks so much!!
@tamsin222 It is now available from amazon.
A DVD of Hand in Hand is finally being released on Octiber 5, 2010!
I'm from a small town in S.TX & 7 when I first started saw "Hand In Hand". It made an indellible impression on my young Catholic mind. I knew basics about Judaism & that its tenets were different from mine, but I was unaware of any prejudice involved.  I remember feeling slightly different about the world after seeing this.  Six years later, I toured Dachau & learned about hate quickly.  Sad, too. I would've loved to have remained oblivious about hate. But that can't happen in real life, can it.
Great movie.  It made a lasting impression on me when I saw it as a child.
I was seven.  My mother took me to the movies to see -- well, it doesn't matter, because Hand in Hand was the second feature.  I have never, never forgotten it.  This was such an important, wonderful, meaningful film.  I hope it always finds an audience.  And Loretta Parry was absolutely lovely.
love this film
I saw it on Kukla, Fran, and Ollie, too!  It was in the 60s, when they had movies on the weekend.  I think it was Sundays.  I LOVED those days. :o)
30 years searching for this film. Thank you. Please take every opportunity to obtain the entire film!!
Oh my g-d

I have been looking for this FOREVER

Thank you SO much for this

One of my favorite movies from days gone by

I was such a little kid

but I never forgot this one

How did you get this???

THANK YOU

Is it available for purchase?
I vividly remember seeing this film as a child on the Kukla Fran and Ollie show.  I've never forgotten the emotional impact it had on me.
23171 106 3 0 40
Two 7-year olds, Michael O'Malley and Rachel Mathias, are the best of friends.  The fact that he is Roman Catholic and she is Jewish seems to matter more to their friends and family than to the two children.  Rachel discovers one day that she must soon move away, so they become "blood brothers" so that they cannot be separated.
PT7M4S
sd
MovieID::::783
Hope green peace is doing well. Please take care of him.
3484 8 1 0 1
Gary Suderman talks to Nadav Schirman, director of The Champagne Spy and In the Dark Room, about his documentary about the "Son of Hamas," Mosab Hassan Yousef.
PT6M52S
hd
MovieID::::784
Japan had a microwave X-band magnetron radar before Pearl Harbor, and the Germans had 360 sweep VHF radars and IFF in 1942. Meanwhile the UK had non-rotating one-way HF radars. However, the Brits had the excellent filter center between the radars and the interceptors. That was why the USA DEW line and Air Defense Command looked just like it - it worked.
Historically, this is very inaccurate. Ship-to-ship RDF was already operational long before all this thanks to Hülsmeyer in 1904. Hülsmeyer's system didn't give range, only bearing, but it was the clear forerunner of radar. Seven different countries then developed pulsed systems to give range too, all prior to the events in this film. Finally, it was Wilkins, not Watson-Watt, who came up with the idea of using radio to detect incoming aircraft. This was in response to Watson watt's request for death-ray calculations. It was also Wilkins who worked out a neat way of calculating aircraft altitude based on his work on ionospheric radio propagation. Wilkins also designed and ran the Daventry experiment. Watson-Watt turned up in the staff car with the Tizard committee bloke, then left immediately after the test, but put only his own name on the patent and subsequently called himself the inventor of radar! But let's not let the truth get in the way of a good story!
Only got around to watching this fantastic TV prog this morning..I even got my wife to sit with me and watch it....much to her amazement she really enjoyed it,

Well Done Mr Watson Watt...we all owe you...very sad it was at such a high price you paid for your work,

Only the BBC could make such a charming drama like this...long live the BBC.

Nick in the UK.
Pity BBC haven't put this on iplayer ...... aren't us poor Brits who are forced to pay £145.50 a year entitled to see it on 'catch-up' ?
What I don't understand is why the Germans didn't bomb the sites out of existance as their priority?
just finished watching this. it was an excellent peice of factual television. izzard did a great job in playing watson-watt
Good story, good actors, ...
Disappointing film...
Maybe the director is to blame
Please bring this to the states!
Really looking forward to it. I think it's a great thing that these unsung heroes are getting a bit of love.
i love eddie izzard..
79962 124 6 0 15
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\U0001f514' in position 14: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::785
Loosely based off Ricardo Lopez
WHERE WAS THIS FILMED?! :)
The best thing about this movie is that the guy looks like Hitler. When I saw the cover art I even thought maybe it was some sort of crude comedy related to Hitler being a total loser and getting bullied in modern society. Which would of been a brilliant idea.
i felt like this ab0ut martine mccutcheon/ tiffany/eastenders for 5 seconds.
paying your bill paying your thing being your self i hate the ending and that bad man that keep bugg him but i give this 5 star i dont think is boarding at all the poor man ppl keep bugg him the guy that paly the roll i wanna see more of his movie i know he in one called face to face but love it
at first i got sacred of watching this movies because ppl keep saying    on comments it was a bad movie to see a horror no is not this was a good movie i feel really bad for him he was a longly  man making money and living his life just like everybody else he was so happy as first in to he kill his cat and this man keep bugg him i love the movie it made me see life in  a better way be your self don't give a fuck  what ppl say about u in the end of it all is your self who liveing your life paying
Imdb rates it 8.1 but the trailer just like some trashy b rate movie
While watching this film I realized Glenn Maynard would be perfect for the role of Ignatius Reilly. He's got the right feel and with some work the right look for the character. If the Yanks can't get that film off the ground maybe an Australian could.
he looks like clive owens brother.
looks interesting.
Maynard rocks hard!
Went To The Premiere at Nova!!! Best Aussie film in many years!!!
Man this looks brilliant, can't wait to see it.
Thanks Kobi!


This looks fantastic! I'm well excited! :D
36144 51 12 0 17
World Premiere at Monsterfest 24th NOV 2013. Tix available here:

https://www.venuetickets.com.au/web_v3/booking_ticketSelect.jsp?cinecode=11110702&scrcode=1111070201&movcode=1113039039&playdate=20131124&playtime=183000&ssncode=153097&seatingtype=0



Lost Art presents a film by Stuart Simpson.

CHOCOLATE STRAWBERRY VANILLA



Starring Glenn Maynard, Kyrie Capri & Aston Elliot.

Produced, Edited and Directed: Stuart Simpson

Screenplay: Addison Heath

Original Score: Heath Brown

Sound Design: Dan Macdonald

Special make-up Effects: Nick Kocsis

Executive Producer: Daniel Scharf



(c) Lost Art Films 2013
PT1M29S
hd
MovieID::::786
I don’t understand how this movie got a criterion release it’s so bad
I take no enjoyment labeling any sort of independent and/or foreign film as pretentious, but I really fucking hated this movie. It wants to be a critique on modern Hollywood and a character piece, but it fails miserably on both ends.
Great film. Saw it around the same time I watched Birdman which I liked too. It has some subjects in common but focuses a lot more on the characters. Really cool flick.
KHRISTen Stewarthousefilmsgoddess deserved an Oscar nom for this!
this movie changed my opinion of Kristen
Please release Carol on criterion, we need better extras like deleted scenes, commentary, bloopers etc
existing dvd blu ray releases are a disgrace
is this a sequel to twilight?
17052 204 5 0 12
In a new program on our release (out now on Blu-ray and DVD), Binoche and Stewart share their experiences working with Assayas and each other; in the clip above, watch them delve further into the film’s exploration of femininity and the complexities of the fascinating dynamic between their two characters.
PT3M20S
hd
MovieID::::787
I literally love this movie so much
I'd love to see more of this.  I'd love to contact the directors and actresses to at least get some thoughts as to WHERE this COULD go.  I'd at least like SOME direction to point towards so we can get some fanfiction of this.  Cause I don't think we'll be getting a second movie, but with fanfiction we can at least get an idea of where to take it.  Ya know what I mean?
This movie is an underrated horror comedy made with great actors and awesome director ... really hope to see a part 2, or his next movie.
where was caitlin :(
I really want a part 2 the ending was interesting
this is my bday
I'm waiting for part 2
Love this movie
Heyyy September 6th they filmed this on my birthday lol. Shoutout to bae in the back. He's so fine.
I need a part 2 they need to say something.they just can't leave us hanging.who's with me
that's what I think kasumi
When are they gonna make a second part?????
Is there gonna be a second part
Love this movie
i like the movie i watched it why does hanna die and who i cassie decker
awesome! I met Brooke at the airport she was such a sweet young lady.
37120 181 3 0 21
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
TIFF (2013) : 'All Cheerleaders Die' Cast Interview - THR


Sianoa Smit-McPhee, Amada Grace Cooper, Brooke Butler, and Tom Williamson introduce us to their new supernatural thriller about a group of cheerleaders who try and take down the captain of their high school football team.
PT3M1S
hd
MovieID::::788
Maty Poppins neighbours?
This is a good film; imbeciles may think otherwise.
I didn't like that movie at all. :/ Pretty plain plot, idiotic, violent young people, no character depth.. It was just boring with some unneeded violence put in it, that's all. And it ends really abruptly, leaving you confused and wondering what's going to happen, it's not even a complete movie in my eyes.
horrible horrible movie.
Loooool!!! Das ist der schlechteste Film in der ganzen Filmgeschichte! Schade um den Euro der beim ausleihen verschwendet wurde. Omg bloß nicht ansehen das ist so eine Katastrophe ich dachte mir am Ende das kann nicht euer ernst sein! Und die Frechheit das er auch noch solange dauert. Der ganze Film ist sinnlos und besteht nur aus einer einzigen Szene!!!
hugely satisfying scene where the guy beats the fuck out of the thugs with candle stick holders cant save this turkey
I liked it alot. It's not really a horror movie though. It's more of a scary thriller.
How was movie
Is this by a German director or something?
Also jeder von uns könnte mit einen schlechten Fotohandy ein 100 mal besseren Film drehen. :D
Schlechtester Film den ich jemals gesehen habe !
Vorallem diese Szene : A: (schmeißt die Kreditkarten auf den Boden)
B: Jetzt muss ich sie alle wieder aufheben.
Bei der Stelle dachte ich nur an kleine Kinder bei einem Spielstreit -.-

eins wirft etwas um und das andere sagt darauf : '' jetzt kann ich das wieder aufräumen''

Der Film ist außerdem total unbedacht !!
Echt ich hab ihn mir angesehen weil die Geschichte relativ spannend klang und ich dachte es wäre mal ein guter Horrorfilm.Ich denke nur für sowas habe ich jetzt fast 2 Stunden meiner Lebenszeit aufgebraucht.Der Film ist verdammt schlecht und lässt einen ja fasst einschlafen. -.-
So lieber Autor des Filmes...ich glaube sie haben ihren Beruf verfehlt !!!


its got a very sick story to it..in the context of a film...i think it was ok, just didn't like some stuff in it
IS THIS GOOD GUYS X
Das war mit Abstand der schlechteste Film den ich je gesehen habe. Keine Handlung, keine Logik. Wie zur Hölle kann man dafür Geld ausgeben?? Was haben sicvh die Produzenten denn bitte dabei gedacht? echt so ein dämlicher Schrott...bin richtig wütend darüber!!!!! Da hat sich echt niemand Gedanken gemacht!
@Aggro25990 ich stimme dir voll & ganz zu! Dafür unnötig Geld bezahlt und dann noch auf Blu-ray geholt, grad fertig geschaut, kommt zu den Top 10 der schlechtesten Filme meiner gesehenden Filme! An alle! Spart euch diese Zeit & guckt liebe Winni Pooh, ist wohl wesentlich spannender & vielleicht sogar brutaler!
This movie is rubbish!!
Dieser Film ist WIRKLICH SO SCHLECHT.
the movie is so retarded! If u don't have a life watch it!
So let me get this straight: a vicious gang of knife wielding, axe waving, thieving rapists invade a home, brutalise the occupants, and then get beaten up by man armed with a candle stick?
@xRaggamuffinx1

"U.S." is utter shit.. go with the original austrian version..
best movie i´ve ever seen top story... best actors i´ts so funny
richtig hammer geil... der film geht knapp 2 stunden und ich muss sagen..... das war die schlechteste investierte zeit meines Lebens. In dem  film gibt es 0 Logik. schlechte schauspieler und ein schlechtes drehbuch.... ich sag nur : Person A: schreibs dir doch auf! : Person B: ich brauch erstmal einen Stift.... So. ich hab einen Stift. Jetzt rbauch ich noch einen Zettel...WTF?!?!?!?!..war der autor besoffen? ... und dann sone pickel fresse als Hauptdarsteller.. dabei hätte der "Azad" potenzial..
Easily the stupidest most unrealistic ending u could imagine.
Film was okay but HATED that rape scene.....hard to get to sleep out of anger and when i did fell asleep clutching the knife under my pillow..exaclty the same thing i did when i watched 'Taken'.
just watched this movie on sky anytime, the movie was ok but found it very disturbing an actually made me feel sick and im ushally ok with violent movies. thought the ending was shit.
@KYMAMI Ive not seen either of the films you've named so I can't comment but i'll take your word that the people in them are suitably "ratty". As for the racist stuff my race leaves on videos all I can say to that is its nothing to do with me and its not just whites that talk racist garbage either. Im no more responsible for trash that some white guy says than you are for the trash that some guy of your own race says.....responsibility is down to the individual.

@KYMAMI The term "ghetto rat" can apply to anybody of any race, the fact that the "ghetto rats" in this film are black is incidental so don't give me all that racist crap, and if your going to insult me at least type it in a coherent sentence you idiot.

why does the trailer try make it look like a horror?
They actually PAID people to 'act' and camera men/women to film and caterers to pour the tea!!!!  Friggin awful!
I'm surprise a character in the film was Christian nd nw reverted to ISLAM. His name is muslim belal Allahuakbar. Allah is the greatest
RUBBISH MOVIE
this is realy bad movie !! I cant believe that I spend my time to watch it

pfffff
waste movie..its same like naomi watts funny games,,,even funny games is worth to watch...this movie sucks realll bad...3/10
LOL the trailer is sooooo misleading LMAO. Put it this way, I watched the movie before I saw this Trailer and this looks like a completely different movie.

The movie was interesting to start with but, it soon was clear it was a pile of steaming cow dung, with a abrupt and  extremely unsatisfying ending.

(PLOT SPOILER)

One of the captives cousins goes to jail not that  he dies but goes to jail people, which causes him to initiate a way over the top revenge act for what happens to his cousin.
this film was like a reconstruction on crimewatch
I liked this movie better when it was called Eden Lake.
it was boring as hell, soo slow getting into any actual story


@lahoreplayer the dad of the house
@Hunting4TheLight good for you
this is so fucking hot.I want this guy to fuck my hole!
i heard that this got pretty bad reviews..i just finished watchin it tho and i couldnt disagree more...i watch every horror/thriller i get my hands on and home invasions are some of my favorites..
you know that "this could really happen to anyone" feeling!!
altho i didnt find it "scary" i did find it really really disturbing...and yes i would buy the dvd..IMHO its well worth the money
A very short film of 77 minutes. Paul Andrew Williams the director, who directed the Cottage, I liked that film, so i'm interested what direction he takes this in. I have 3000 DVDS so i'm thinking of addng this one to my collection.
How streange its in cinema for only 10 days before the dvd is released!
161107 50 34 0 49
This chilling edge-of-your-seat tale of urban horror comes from Paul Andrew Williams, the acclaimed director of 'London To Brighton'.

An ordinary British family face their worst fears when their normal, everyday lives are destroyed, piece by brutal piece, by a group of vicious youths who subject them to an vicious barrage of humiliation and violence. While the evening starts like any other, with the family settling down for a quiet evening in front of the telly, a simple knock at the front door will leave its bloody mark on them forever...

Writer-director Paul Andrew Williams carves his signature vision on the urban horror genre with this relentless slice of violence and terror -- your home will never feel safe again.

In UK cinemas September 3rd, on DVD on September 13th.
PT55S
sd
MovieID::::789
Awesome!!! Brushing off his shoulder after he gets shot? GOLD!!
The ultimate stupidity!
Reminds me of Grindhouse. Pure cheese & I love it!
shockmansion anyone ?
if this is a comedy then I wanna see  it lol
Lollll ... a werewolf who shoots a gun. Perfect.
This looks amazing.  Is this dome by the hobo with a shotgun guys?  Maybe Father's Day.
I assume his basketball career never took off so he became a cop.
My mom might be in this movie
That face at 1:15 and the sound effect! OMG LMFAO!!!!
Go Wolf Cop!
I just crapped my pant. Baby Jesus that looks amazing
The streets are finally safe with Wolf Cop
Confirmation that werewolves can IN FACT use guns! Fans, haters, and Twilight dweebs alike; prepare your pants for the amount of $#*7 that will be crapped!!!
we needed this.
I cannot believe all these are real movies. I must now watch all of them.
No CGI; thank fucking God.
This just won a million dollars.
Oh, HELL yeah.
Maybe it's just me... but I had the Cop Dog theme going in my head.
I liked the trailer so much I shared it on twitter.
Yeah the bullet brush off was fantastic.
Cool trailer, I really hope it gets made.
Wolf Cop should team up with Maniac Cop, Vampire Cop, Zombie Cop, Psycho Cop, Samurai Cop, and Scanner Cop for the ultimate movie crossover!
Feeling like a pimp nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
The new Pope's first order of business should be to get this film funded.
Amazing! I hope this gets made.
57443 235 18 0 29
Teaser trailer for the feature film "WOLF COP". Share your thoughts with us on twitter at #WOLFCOP.

Find us at: http://www.cinecoup.com/wolfcop
PT2M14S
hd
MovieID::::790
Je voudrais savoir si il était possible de les voir en sous-titré français ( vostfr) svp ?
what is the song at 8:24?

lol eww. the stomach explosion is not the best thing to see after eating.
Thanks for posting i been looking an hour to find this one.
@DesiStopTV OMG THANK YOU... I WANTED TO KNOW THAT SONG FOR SO LONG!
134231 242 12 0 5

PT10M1S
hd
MovieID::::791
They filmed this in my home town (Newton Abbot, Devon). I think the setting really makes the movie. I drive past that church and the pub they drank in (The Union Inn) all the time. Send shivers down my spine every time I visit home. Great movie
Reminds me of Lovecraft
Which place it is at 0:10
wait, this isnt the borderlands movie!
blair witch project but even worse
Bad movie, bad representation of the Church, bad theology.
I just finished watching this movie. I am a fan of the found footage/hand held genre, when it's well done. And, this was well done. It is a definite Must See!
Was it supposed to be a loose adaptation of Ramsey Campbell's 'The Church on High Street'? Because it's awfully similar to that story.
Great horror film, all the way througj, does need some imagination which I luckily have, does make me a little biased being British, almost in my top 10 horror films!
is it me just me or do i just keep thinking about how thats little john
SPOILER

So Mark where posessed, Deacon and the tech guy where sacrified, but what happened to the other priest, why did he had the eye stigma, where he also posessed  ?
someone remind me to watch  this
I just watched this...alone. Something really haunting about this movie. Claustrophobia, anxiety and heart palpitations are just some of what I experienced. This isn't a fancy Hollywood movie. If you're expecting something like P-Activity, move along.
this movie scared the shit out of me. had to watch it without headphones
loved this film
loved this film
I hate trailers that don't tell you what the film is fucking about
Anyone know the song at 0:43?
Just watched this film.
I did enjoy it.
It really made me quite uncomfortable.
Highly surprised, thought it was not going to be any good.
I recommend this film.
Yum yum ... burp
it was adecent movie, insanely better than the entire paranormal activity series, but it could have been better.
This is the British version of paranormal activity and I think we did it better. British horror movies are the best!
I want to compare this to another found footage movie I watched recently, both high scores on rotten tomatoes, Willow Creek. Infact willow creek is higher, but both with lower audience scores. I don't understand why the ending of this film is viewed good and original whilst people who have seen willow creek view that ending as crap. Personally I found the ending in willow creek just as good/bad as this movie. I wasn't really expecting anything more from the endings in both movies. Anyway, I found Willow Creek to be more frightening mainly because the last half of the movie is a lot more suspenseful. The Borderlands is a bit overhyped.
Couldn't even sit through this terrifying trailer, sorry mean't boring...
I found this pretty disturbing!
I enjoyed this movie and there were some scary moments ! I would recommend to watch it !!!
terrible movie dont waste ur time on it
good film ... until after 2-3 times (there are much hidden secrets in this movie)
fuck found footage!
*yawns*, *rubs eyes*, *yawns*
terrible trailer for a good movie
...I just saw five minutes ago...amazing the final in the stomach of the demon!...poor Deacon and Father Crellick R.I.P.
This wasn't a bad film, it does this kind of style a hell of a lot better than paranormal activity but that's not saying much. However, does anyone have any kind of clue what the hell the thing was at the end? *SPOILER*................was it a giant stomach or something?
Surprisingly good
Actually a pretty good movie. Fantastic camera work makes for some seriously tense moments and the acting is MOSTLY of fairly high quality (the guy who plays the priest just seems kinda cheesy. But-

SPOILERS!

-the ending was an absolute effing travesty. Yet another horror movie which uses the shitty "Ho-ho! Everyone's dead, we don't have to tie up or resolve shit now!" trope. Seriously, what's with horror movies and crappy endings? It's like eating a perfectly good meal only to have the chef walk up to you and force a fistful of turd down your throat at the last second.
Best horror film I've seen in a long time. The ending will haunt you.
What a complete waste of my time. Typical British crap.
I watched  this  film  and it's one  of  the  best  horror films I've  ever  seen!!
60fps a second spells death
can anyone sum up to me what happend at the end? i watcher is and it appears there being digested alive, is there a defendant answer?
lame i thought this has something to do with the game borderlands
The best found footage movie since the the spanish [REC]s
Loved this one and the ending was really horrifying and very original in concept. Creepy $#%"%"$& !
just watched it, it was a disappointment. don't bother. i had to skip most parts as it was so stupid and boring, the end is the worst too..i have no clue how they ended up there and why and whats the point of that??
border shit!
I've seen it all before... anyway, i'll watch this movie. Come on!  For those who complain about everything: It's just a movie...
What is it with these Horrible horror movies recently... Seems like everything is being done from head cams, blair witch bullshit.. this movie sucks
ive just watched this on movie 25 WOW avery creepy and original found footage film i will defo watch again. I recomend this film two thumbs up
Can anyone explain the ending to me? Those two guys just start melting in a tunnel it doesn't make sense?
Its a fucking good fuckin film
Yet another trailer that totally spoils the ending. I'm glad I've seen the movie before watching the trailer. Great Lovecraftian horror
I watched this last night. Very good film with an ending that will stay with you for a long time
SPOILERS..................
Can anyone explain to me the ending of this film? Ok so they get trapped and what looks like acid begins to eat away at them, fine. Although what caused all of that to happen? Demons or just a natural occurrence in the hill. What is it that the film is trying to make you believe?
loved this film, the ending was very inventive. Although, if those of you are looking for a more authentic take on the documentary style horror, I highly recommend Lake Mungo.
This movie totally sucked! It wasn't scary at all and the ending was stupid. Don't waste your time watching. The Blair Witch Project was scarier than this crap!
I watched this film. The characters are good and the film is generally good up until the ending. Not going to spoil it however it is really disappointing and ruined the whole film for me.
The ending was down right stupid........ i dont want to give it away but why is there a acidic fleshy stomach involved.... ?????...
The  ending scene was a real punch! Fuckin creepy man!
always good to watch
found footage always = TRASH waste of time
Alright enough, with two great leads. But the material and script they're given to work with is shocking. The premise is tired, and every single line of dialogue exists purely as exposition. The church in the film is indeed atmospheric, but it's abundantly obvious that the story was written around the locale and it's admittedly awesome crypt. One eerie scene in the beginning shows promise, however it's quickly squandered with unnecessary exposition and elaboration on every single event in the film. You don't get to see ANY of the horror, but by hell you'll know exactly what it is, where it comes from, and so forth.

Cinematography is great, with some moody shots and nice lighting. But there are many continuity errors in the head camera shots that really stick out. Lots of questions are raised in regards to Faith versus Fact, but nothing suggests that these questions exist in the movie for any other reason than to further the plot. I really wanted to like this one, and flaws and all, I enjoyed the first half somewhat. Then it gets ridiculous. Good vs Evil; etc...

...stop me if you've heard this before...

When one of the characters says "..yeah, I know - I've read 'The da Vinci Code'..." he took the words right out of my mouth.

You can see the effort everyone involved in the creation of this went to, which makes the end result all the more heartbreaking. Not a patch on similar high-concept, low budget flicks such as 'The Paranormal Diaries: Clophill'. I'm not one to usually criticize anything too harshly, because I understand the effort and love that goes into indie productions, but by the end of the movie, I was so disappointed that I had to come on here and put this down.
I was expecting that movie to be more good but i see it as a Trashy movie indeed.and where were the cave that they went to it at the end? and where did they stuck?
Don't watch this trailer. The final scenes of the film are are in here. Totally ruins it.
Flawed but still definitely worth a watch, a very enjoyable British film.
The shittiest trailer I ever saw.
only shit movie...boring and badly acted
Worst film I have ever seen!! I love a good horror/spooky film, this was neither! The only thing worse than the film was the annoying/rubbish actors!
does anybody know what they got stuck in ? at the end of the movie ?
I enjoy horror flicks like this but always wish there was a little more explanation to things other then a big build up and then fizzles out with the bizarre death of all parties... sorry for the spoiler :)
This film was a big let down...
It looks watchable. I just found it today and wanted to check out the trailer first. We shall see...
i think i may of learnt my lesson from Blair witch and wont be watching this guff.....
What is the song in the trailer and who sings it?
"Best horror film since blah blah' fuck off. I bet you a tenner it will be absolute dog shit hyped up for you nob ends to go pay and see expecting something good.
Hey Everyone- Your chance to see The Borderlands in UK cinemas is here- but you have to act fast! We’ve got screenings across the country on March 28th, but you need to buy your ticket in advance- go to https://www.ourscreen.com/theborderlands/ to find the screening nearest you- and help us get the word out if you can! Thank you!
When and where can i watch this?
To all film makers...don't out quotes on from nobodies. No one cares about their opinions.
looks very cheaply made and without much going on. Huge shame.... Let's see something better !
Looks cheap.
Amazing film
311171 377 75 0 151
We've got our hands on the terrifying trailer for British horror film The Borderlands, which went down a storm at FrightFest 2013. Called "Genuinely horrifying" by our very own Jamie Graham, dare you watch it?
PT1M35S
hd
MovieID::::792
What London areas were this filmed in please??
Love this film, great story, acting, cinematography and soundtrack, really enjoyed it.
where can one find soundtrack for this film?
Don't look down at lee Cragos comment he must be stupid   . This is a wonderful film A real good film please watch it. you will like it
***CRINGE***

Make me cringe, home country, why don't you. >__<
truly shockingly bad film
Saw the film this evening at Strawberry Hill House, terrific evening and terrific film. Very British humour, great fun and well worth seeing.
43154 81 4 0 9
A fresh and life-affirming comedy, telling the story of an unlikely friendship between a hapless young burglar and his eccentric victim.

COMING SOON IN 2013!

Starring Phil Davis, Theo Barklem-Biggs, Juliet Oldfield, Warren Brown and Perry Benson

A Parkville Pictures production, made as part of the Film London and BBC Films 'Microwave' Scheme. Written and directed by Jules Bishop.

** 'BEST OF FEST', Edinburgh International Film Festival 2013 **

www.borrowedtimefilm.com
www.twitter.com/borrowedtime12
www.facebook.com/borrowedtimefilm
www.parkvillepictures.com
PT2M7S
hd
MovieID::::793
RIP - Regina Kent and Brandon Lee. Regina Kent played the role of May and died of Brain Cancer. Brandon Lee died of a bullet wound.
good  trailer
7824 25 1 0 2
Copyright of this video is not claimed by the retroVHStrailers channel. All rights retained by the copyright holder. The retroVHStrailers channel does not monetize this video.  This video is provided for archival purposes only. It will be removed if requested by contacting the retroVHStrailers channel.

Trailer for "Legacy of Rage (1986)" captured from the "Thunder Run (1986)" VHS tape. This tape is labeled 45103 and released in (1994).
PT1M45S
sd
MovieID::::794
I remember watching this trailer everytime I watched Friday the 13th part 8 on vhs
Pat of Hellraiser 3 vhs trailer that were on it.
Lol I thought i was the only one who found it on treasure hunt LOL
I always loved the Full Moon logo sequence.
Maybe I will like it, but like you said about the creature, I may not.
What else is bad about it?
OOOUUU BABY OOOUUUU BAAAABBYYYYY LMFBO
this actually looks really good.
yes they do, its called asylum
SyFy is sure trying to though... :P
Wish you tube had the full movie... Been looking for this one!
dont forget Streetfighter lol
they introduced everyone by name except for black dude lol
Ahh.. They don't make them like this anymore.
31940 113 1 0 21
Title speaks for its self...
PT1M55S
sd
MovieID::::795
Donde donsigo la pelicula
3377 10 2 0 1
http://kitustrailers.blogspot.com/ Apocalipsis Omega Trailer
PT1M32S
sd
MovieID::::796
Lol the main actor sounds like Pewdiepie and that's all I could think of while watching. But seriously though, commendable movie. Made sense that there's a longer version out there, cause my main criticism is it's too quick and doesn't develop the characters enough.
They were both written and directed by the same person.
This short film is very similar to the full length movie, Children of God. In fact the character of Romeo is played by the same actor in both films. Float has a significantly more optimistic conclusion.
Was this short what developed into the film Children of god?
i commend your efforts on this matter. the world is getting smaller through the digital age. humanity as a whole is also trying to finally come into terms with the diverse synergy of the LGTB society. Though some are still trying to make it illegal and suppressing it once more,in time, nations who do this will be shunned by the greater population of the world.a nations maturity is also indicated on how its people accept things such as this.
is the same as children of god if you change some things and he added something more

much better ending.
I want the longer  version of children of god..errr...
yeah but in short film.haha..
childrens of god....? :p
Beautiful story thank you. There is freedom in truth!!
Thanks for all the uploads.
I love the longer movie of this. Children of God. Amazing. I recommend that one more than this one
Only someone who let's beauty live in their life could create this.....stunning.
Why do guys (male) swim in shorts these days?
this is  good thanks for posting it

I've tried two type something smart here but I can't.

Check out the feature for this film: Children of God available at tlagay.com
56946 137 14 0 19
The story of Float is set against the backdrop of the homophobic climate in the Caribbean, a world where no LGBT stories are celebrated.



Jonny is a young obsessive-compulsive white Bahamian artist who faces loosing his scholarship at a local University if he does not live up to the potential that his teachers believe he has. Inspired by this challenge and wanting to get away from homophobic bullies and his alcoholic father, Jonny chooses to escape for a weekend to the under-populated and dramatic Bahamian island of Eleuthera where by accident he meets a young man by the name of Romeo. Together these two embark on a series of physical adventures that inspire Jonny to paint but which force him to let his guard down and explore real intimacy without fear. However things are shaken up when Romeo's girlfriend shows up and puts an end to Jonny's romantic dreams. Jonny must choose between finally giving up on love, career and his happiness or fearlessly moving forward with his life.



Float is not just a gay love story but a universal story - a story about being different in a world that wants us to all be the same. It is a story of finding value in our truths and loving our loved ones unconditionally.





Kareem Mortimer    2007   34 min.    Bahamas



Founded in 1977, Frameline is the nation's only nonprofit organization solely dedicated to the funding, exhibition, distribution and promotion of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender media arts.  Frameline Voices is a new digital initiative that showcases diverse LGBT stories and expands access to films by and about people of color, transgender people, youth, and elders.



More information: http://www.frameline.org.
PT34M26S
hd
MovieID::::797
Se supone que a la gente que trabaja en una película se le invita al estreno. Y todavía estoy esperando... La verdad es que ha sido una decepción, ha sido la primera peli en la que trabajé y me habría encantado verla, al menos. Definitivamente me la bajaré de internet.
Ver a Areces hablando con acento galego da urticaria
un actor de esta peli va a mi clase del tuto XD
paece mu buena
ayer la vi en el preestreno  y puedo decir que la película es buenísima.. te ries desde el minuto uno hasta el último minuto....la verdad que recomiendo que la vean
estaa wapaaa
jajja ke xuma da risa ese trailer,

¿ Por qué se esta retrasando tanto el estreno de la película ?
96844 91 6 0 9
Más Info http://www.trailersyestrenos.es

Año 1910, en Arga, un pequeño pueblo de Galicia, una terrible maldición cae sobre la malvada marquesa de Mariño y su hijo, convirtiéndole en hombre lobo en su décimo cumpleaños. Cien años después, Tomás, un escritor fracasado y último descendiente varón de los Mariño, regresa al pueblo convencido de que van a nombrarle hijo adoptivo de la localidad. En realidad, los vecinos piensan sacrificarle en una oscura ceremonia para acabar con el reinado de terror del hombre lobo que lleva un siglo atenazando la región. De no llevarse a cabo el sacrificio del último de los Mariño en la fecha exacta, una segunda maldición caerá sobre Arga. Una maldición de consecuencias mucho más terribles...

Estreno en España: 13 de Julio de 2012

(El trailer pertenece a la productora y distribuidora de la película y ha sido subido sin ánimo de lucro).
PT1M30S
sd
MovieID::::798
this film surprised me,in positive. Good graphics,well acting,well made in director...a little huge pearl in a sea of shits,expecially considering zombie movies.
lol he called da shit poop =D
This movie was srsly utter crap...i really tried watching it...but all of it was SO predictable.....and i had 0 attachment to any of the characters.....it was just really .....really horrible....dont watch it
Just saw it on Netflix - really enjoyed it. Not spectacular.. but pretty enjoyable.
slow movie, but pretty good. However, Edward yells a lot..
5.2 on IMDB, so is this any good?
The trailer is indeed bad, the movie is amazing. Tho if you expect a brainless splatter-movie then take your dead-brain somewhere else.
This trailer is really bad, the movie is so much better than this. One of the best zombie films in recent years.
yeah this looks like some low budget poop.
2/10 would not bang.
haha red dead redemption undead nightmare
Looks HORRIBLE! Like another project from an advanced student. Bad direction, and even technically bad. Even made otherwise decent actors look like amateurs, a difficult thing to do, but they did it! And listen to the sound! Student-grade.

And to boot, insulting to the audience, whom they presume aren't really bright enough to see the blatant and numerous (and totally avoidable) shortcomings.

It's stupid...to think your audience is stupid. They can see the difference.
where can you see those movies?
Ummm  she's played in a ton of horror movies.  She's the mother in Cujo, the mother in Rob Zombies Halloween and just a ton of B rated movies as well.

Dee Wallace wow you would not think that a person from E.T would be in this...xD
Those are the worst Southern accents I have ever heard. EVER.

What bad reviews? Fangoria gave it a perfect 4 out of 4.
WHEN IS THIS OUT??
M.G is looking tight in this movie. Nice!!!!? Pumped to see this movie, PUMPED!!!!!
very gooooddd !!! waiting for you! looks great! :-)
Stephen McHattie, Dee Wallace, Bill Moseley and the legendary voice of Brian Cox in the same movie??? Thank you Zombie Gods!!! Looks very cool.
wtf!? the youtube layout just changed right now!
My... fucking... god... this looks AWESOME!
I bought Undead Nightmare for Red Dead Redemption not 12 hours ago, and now I see this?!

The Coincidence!
Why doesn't it mention Lance Henriksen/Scott Glen (can never tell em apart)
in the credits? He's there, he's a big name It's good press Wtf?
Yes it is finally arrived!!! The trailer is here! Wait for the film now!
SWEET!!!! this looks amazing!
FANTASTIC!!!!! I am happy that in some small way I was part of that. It looks awesome. Cannot wait to see it.
132592 202 13 0 30
How does a man deal with the loss of everything meaningful in his life, and the loss of mankind's humanity amongst chaos and despair? Set in 1870's Tennessee, Exit Humanity is the legend of Edward Young's horrific and dramatic journey through an unexplainable outbreak of the walking dead to lay to rest the most important thing in his life, his son's ashes. The bleak post-Civil War era backdrop highlights the severe divide that the United States was facing, the disasters that arise when man tries to play God, and the true loss of hope that so many felt during this period in history.



Exit Humanity blends live action and classical animation to explore how when in situations of severe horror, we must find hope through the very fears that drive us. Starring horror icons Bill Moseley (Devil's Rejects, House of 1000 Corpses), Dee Wallace (E.T., Cujo), Stephen McHattie (The Watchmen, 300), introducing new horror hero Mark Gibson, and Narrated by Brian Cox (Braveheart, The Bourne Identity), Exit Humanity is a zombie saga that tells the tale of the ultimate battle of good vs. evil.
PT2M19S
hd
MovieID::::799
Delia York from Omen IV is different than Regan Mcneal from The Exorcist. Also before Esther/Leena Klammer from Orphan (2009).
This makes no sense in Omen 3 Jesus return and the new world was made without Damian. Why should their be a 4 at all
I don't understand why they bothered to film this piece of shit in the first place.
There are two more sequels in novels after "The Final Conflict"
"Omen IV: Armageddon 2000" and "Omen V: The Abomination"
Is that Don Lafontaine?
I like this little girl role the best, so evil, cruel looking staring eyes and feel so mature in this role be evil! Underrated classic movie but movie isn't nothing bad at all, my opinion, this is only different than others parts. Remake is useless, not even good.
I am always like it this, something different and interesting, devil's girl, should order this on blu ray or dvd!
Great cult classic, i had this on VHS in 90's, really great classic!
Don't forget: Women can be very evil...     <-  HAS VERY RIGHT THE  WOMANS ARE MONSTERS TO CHARACTER ESPECIALLY THE GIRLS.    THE WOMANIC  HATE  IS   SHOCKING .

THE VIRGIN THE MARIA CREATED THE  INHUMANIC  CHARACTER  OF  WOMAN
THE   EWSFOROS-AYGERINOS-LYKOFWTOS-LUCIFER  IS  ANTICHRISTOS   FROM THE  WALMART .
MEAN HOW THE DEMONS ARE SLAVES OF CHRISTOY  AND MAKE THAT THEM TELL THE CHRISTOS SAD  AND THIS MEANS HOW THE APOCALYPSE-ANTIXRISTOS WILL IS ONE FIXED LIE. THE EWSFOROS PLEASES THE CHRISTO TO THE GET BACK TO PARADISE BUT THE CHRISTOS NOT THE GETS WHY THE CHRIST IS VERY HATED LIKE CHARACTER
I never even knew this existed
Omen III the final conflict is a very scary movie was one of the scariest movies of all time and this is just crap
Stupid ass movie when Christ came back in third movie that of the end of the movie so come out with a piece of shit movie
who the hell is this bitch
It should have been another boy to do Damien Omen 4.  For some strange reason I think of Bart Winslow in The Dollanganger Series.  He like Damien is ruthless, evil, and stops at nothing to get what he wants no matter whom he hurts including his Brother Jory who became paralyzed after a Ballet Performance.  Yet while Bart finally erased the Evil of his Great Grandfather Malcolm, Damien never did.
i have always liked this movie since I was a child nd even now it is such an interesting nd an  exiting movie especially for those who like horror movies or believe anti force is there.
Now this mess was an absolute horrid abomination. Should have never been made.
This piece of shit movie should not be considered canon with the original trilogy it fuckin pisses me off
Still better than the Omen remake.
which one is the one where he becomes the president?
Please tell me, how download this film??
If u know, please share the link
thank you so mcuh :)
they need to make an Omen 5 because the ending in Omen 4 had it when Delia wins at the end it was stupid from them to make an Omen 4 they to make an Omen 5 where Delia has grown up does more evil and dies at the end  and loses
DELIA THE BEST
This one sucked! To me, there is only the Omen TRILOGY ("The Omen", "Damien: Omen II", and "The Final Conflict"). I like to pretend that "Omen IV: the Awakening" never happened. The third movie ended everything fine. Damien was killed by one of the seven daggers of Megiddo and never had any offspring. End of story.
OMG scary but love it
THE DAMIANS DAUGTER DEAILGTH
I've been trying to remember this title for awhile now. Saw it on tv when it first came out (tv movie) years ago when I was only eightish. First movie I saw where SPOILER ALERT evil wins.
So what happened? When Damien was killed, the Devil just went "Well, that's okay, we have 666 other kids in line to be the Anti-Christ in his place."
ATT ATT I RIST MY CASS 1- -2 -3 -4 -5  THE OMEN MOVIES WER BEST GOD AND DEVIL HEVEN AND HELL THIN STOP ON 5 NOW 2015 NO MORE GLOB FANS CLUB  WONT  TO NO Y DID THAY STOP   WORLD MISS THIS KIND OF MOVIES THAY JUST STOP MAKE THEM BLAM IS ON HOLLYWOOD CA NO MORE MONEY MONEY CUTSCANOT FINE NEW ACTER CAST IF YOU LOVEYOUR FANS IN WORLD  WE NEED THIS MOVIES BACK SOON THAKEYOU REMAKES 2016
Danielle Harrison... Jaime Loydd from Halloween 5 and 6.
Delia is my favorite character before! :o she was an evil!
wasn't good but it wasn't that bad also.
Don't forget: Women can be very evil...
Cant you please up load this whole movie please
part one is still the best.
I doubt I would put this on my resume... just look at it as a little rent money and a few weeks of lunch at  'Poquito Mas.'
DUMB QUESTION ALERT: The main character(s) in this film that was possessed by Satan's demons; did they kill whoever was the one(s) possessed, or did they kill just the demon and let the human(s) live normally, or did the satanic demons survive to the end of the movie, like the first film?
The illuminati. I know. The original "The Omen" 3 movies are religiously scary but the 4th made for television sucks! Asia Viera was an evil looking bad girl. She was good. It's interesting though that what if the coming Anti-Christ is not a boy but a girl. The bibles not sexist. Aye Espírito Santo it's the end. I wasn't crazy about this movie. Damn thorns. Ouch.
Illuminati work
saw this  and it's wasn't   really  scary  the  little girl   was more of a brat   than  evil
90533 220 14 0 88
Hello Guest,

this is the Official Trailer of: "The Omen IV: The Awakening" (1991)

Best Regards

Horrorfilm Archivist
PT1M28S
sd
MovieID::::800
This movie I forgot about
Meh, the one with Pierre Kirby was better.
3283 10 7 0 2
Ordinary people, granted the power of the Ninja, fight to prevent the undead from overrunning the world.
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::801
Very bad acting
I love love love this movie!!!
Just to think that if my grandparents could come back as zombies that would be horrifying.  It would probably be similar to the mom in this movie.
I feel like I look at this differently because of have been to both of my grandparent's funerals.
I remember watching this as a kid on sci fy channel and it scared the fuck out of me
too much spoiler in the trailer. people knew which characters would be screwed up
The ending made me cry
not his best work, no where near as crud as people claim. then again I watch tons of micro budget VHS era and indy films.
Terrible movie with a terrible end.
The trailer sucks but trust me this is a good ass movie I highly recommend it
Not as bad as the haters make it out to be, I've seen way worse horror movies and this one does a lot more for me than most big budget horror flicks from around the same era. Scary? No, entertaining? You bet!

I really pity those who automatically hate a movie because it wasn't scary or it happen to have some clichés.
I kinda felt sorry for him at the end as he never got to plug that hot dark haired girl.
Same here! Could someone upload that song on YouTube?
This is the only horror movie that i screamed the shit out of me way back. LOL This was a good movie but the trailer sucks. Better watch it.
shut up punk
well well, fucking a dead will never put you in a position of inferiority ... and it's ... sweeeeeeet!!! i just live beside the local graveyard, so i can tell ... mmmmmmmmmmmhhhhhhhhh .....
Fucking shit
Dude, how can you say theres no CGI????? There was tons of CGI toward the end.
i was like 14 when i bought this movie with horror magazine, its a decent low class horror , not even a horror really, 5+ for me , you can watch it but only once....
I SANG THE DAMN SONG!
I'd like to know where I can download the song Never Get Out Alive by Stephen Cohen, Novica Bozunovich and Ian Kirkpatrick.
The movie is okay, the ending is hokey so unless you see a copy for two bucks at a garage sale don't waste your money.
Awwwwwwww Jamie looks like me soooooooo cuuuuuuuuuuute. Wait how old is Jamie
I thought there was gonna be another one because of how it ended, but I guess not.
i really did like this movie alot :)
@Justinio2



I made the whole films tune in to mp3, then cut out the song.
how did you get the song?
Bah... this movie was a really waste of my time...

After all the only shining star is the ending credit music "Never Get Out Alive".

So do I was searching for it, but it's not online because they didn't did it to post out to public -.-

But I was nasty and it was hard but I finally got my hands on that music  ^^
but who sings it
over all,it was an OK movie but not a great one. at some parts it was just plain bad.
i know the songs:Hashdealer by Bongzila

Welcome by Oedipus

First Daze Here by Pentagram

Walk in the blue light by Pentagram

Phone Home by The Dillinger Escape Plan

Never Get Out Alive
i know it ian kirkpatrick and the label is swollen foot music but who sang never get out alive?! i said like alot of time p.s. do you guys have shazam on your iphones because i want to know who sang Never get out alive
who sang never get out alive at the end of the credits of Mortuary
who sang never get out alive at the end of the movie?
who sang never get out alive
the movie is so stupid it wasn't close to being scary
Sophia Bush is in this movie?
Lol it's true i watched it today on the scifi channel too :)
i kind of have to agree with you...
lol they always sho it on the scifi channel XD. i know the movie is quite corny but its acutally entretaining. XD
I just watched it and it was horrible. What happened to Hooper? I mean, this seemed more like a Sci-fi original than a Tobe Hooper film. Big waste of time. Stay far, far away.
ok - but not enough gore-
Tobe must have needed a new car or something.
So made this.
This is why I love trailers.  You can't hide a crappy movie behind one.  This looks awful.  Admittedly, haven't seen it...yet I feel confident enough to move on to something else.  :D
Mortuary was a great Horror Film, for what Tobe Hooper was working with. The film's strongest point is its make-up effects by Dean and Starr Jones!
that was funny as hell and reminds me of Scary Movie.
im watching this rioght now
STUPID!!!!!!!!! besides They, worst horror movie i've ever seen.
Funniest horror movie ever made!!! LOL
There is a 1983 movie by the title of "The Mortuary" that looks way scarier...anyone know anything about it?  Anyone have its trailer?
76273 116 25 0 61
Mortuary (2005) movie trailer

please subscribe to:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKgwiURdLjB6OGrbk_L8dtA

Plot: A family moves to a small town in California where they plan on starting a new life while running a long-abandoned funeral home. The locals fear the place, which is suspected to be on haunted ground.
PT2M35S
sd
MovieID::::802
Totally lackluster performance. Only one original member. Where is David, Felipe, Randy, and Victor?
The THX Logo?! Awesome
That is not Felipe Rose, that is some dude that they hired to replace Felipe's swing. Bad choice and ridiculous Native outfit!
Felipe and Angel replacement is fucking lame!
i gpt to see nightranger at epcot. it was bad
Jim Newman replaces Jeff Olson as the Cowboy and Bill Whitefield takes over the Construction Worker from David Hodo--Felipe, Alex, Ray and Eric remain as the longtime members. You can't stop the music...and the party continues
22513 53 7 0 6
I mean, come on.  David Hodo, Felipe Rose, Ray Simpson, and Alex Briley?  In 2013?

God bless Village People!
PT6M33S
sd
MovieID::::803
hai where can i find  the full movie?
9823 15 0 0 1
TOUCH THE TOP OF THE WORLD  Movie Trailer
PT1M37S
sd
MovieID::::804
Well there you go, Russian subtitles, language of film in Russian. What's the point.
great padmini
6600 50 1 0 3
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 52-59: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::805
Como se llama esta peli
kiero volver a verme la pelicula
es super
Brutal violence that serves for entertainment .... this world is going nowhere.
Menuda scramada

Hola.

Está editada en DVD.

Donde puedo encontrar esa pelicula?
34145 19 9 0 6
Tráiler firmado por Samuel Gómez del largometraje "H6, Diario de un asesino".
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::806
@FoKisx...go to a library. That's how I saw it. :)
What...its 36 quid from amazon uk from the usa and in america its 11 f*@king dollars! Are we sposed to wank over this...dissapointed Grant...looking after ur uk fellowers, i expect more for the benifit of all humanity...or just Mr Morrison making some MORE money?  Freemasons exploit eh Grant...when'd u sell out?
This is screening at ACMI in Melbourne in a couple of weeks. I will buy my ticket and the DVD when that comes out too.
Thank you for seeing that there was a documentary to made here, and doing something about it.
It's too bad that the only thing he ever wrote that I enjoyed was Animal Man and the Doom Patrol.  He ruined Jack Kirby's New Gods, and don't get me started on his Batman.
@LordBifford It's a strange world where famous superplex chaos ambassadors have to create that additional personality that would bash the other 999,999 on youtube for counterbalance. Cheers, Grant!



If you want to see more documentaries like this, then stop asking people to give it away for free. If no one pays for it, we can't make more. Don't be that guy.
who is going to upload this movie so all of us can watch it
?
doc comes out Oct 25th, I saw it premiere at comic con and it it AWESOME!!!

HHAHAHAHAH MARK WAIDs comment about Grant drawing out hypertime on the back of a napkin is soooo true....Grant knows pretty much everything about dc universe since its inception in the 30's to the present
@sibyleyes lol
I lalalove Grant! He helped me cope with my own alien abduction.
Has this documentary come out yet?  Where can you view it?
Grant Morrison is a full photon submersible
In Morrison we trust.
I recently read The Filth.. Holy Zionks! i was totally blown away. Now i must read everything by him. Imagination out the wazoo! I gotta see this documentary.
Grant is a god! he is the next ALAN MOORE, STAN LEE, and FRANK MILLER!  A FUCKING GENIUS!
Can't wait for this either. The Moore documentary was a fucking blast. This should be just as good. And there is a Warren Ellis documentary being made?!?! AWESOME.
Hell yeah!  Ever since the Alan Moore doc I've been thinking "why doesn't someone do a Morrison doc?".  I really cannot wait for this.
Pretty serious line-up of interviewees there!
Im keen as mustard to see this badboy.
13326 28 0 0 20
Sequart and Respect! Films are prodcuing a documentary about legendary comic book writer Grant Morrison. Morrison has written virtually every major comic book franchise, from Batman to Superman to X-Men, and created many new properties, including the seminal comic book series "The Invisibles."

This documentary is the first in depth look at his life and work in film, and features unresricted access to the man himself. A significant amount of material has already been shot, with more shoot dates to come. Look for the film to be released at San Diego Comicon in 2010.

The film is directed by Patrick Meaney, shot by Jordan Rennert and produced by Amber Yoder.

This trailer spotlights the many people interviewed for the film, including writers Geoff Johns and Mark Waid, Editor Karen Berger, Artists Cameron Stewart, Chris Weston, Phil Jimenez, Jill Thompson and many more.

Visit www.grantmorrisonmovie.com and http://www.sequart.org/movies/1/grant-morrison-talking-with-gods/ for more info!
PT1M32S
hd
MovieID::::807
just amazing
Happy Birthday Keith <3
Keith Haring R I P 1958 - 1990 I Miss Him
I came here from playing GTA V and then checking out a Reddit post about the Chilliad Mystery, and it turned out that the wall stickers that I bought from IKEA, are this dude's works! What are the odds in this small world of ours!
Muy buen ducumento !!!! Gran Haring !!!!
a very great guy
Google anyone?
54...... happy birthday Mr. Haring
COLOR..DREAM..PAINTING... THE VERY GENIUSS...
SADLY there are still living(not so well) fallouts to the actions of Keith Haring.  Mentioned as probably his second great love Juan Rivera is still around and the Keith Haring foundation chooses not to help or acknowledge his needs.  I find it apathetic and reckless and fatally ironic that Keith would see evils of Corporate Americas' expoitation of minorities only to find the incorroporation of his work and legacy leaving his lifes loves abandoned in practice.
@skattbro let me borrown it.
check out my video - MY KEITH HARING TATTOO - I LOVE NY
tottaly agree with you...



i have the dvd...
dove posso trovarlo questo film/documentario? ho avuto la fortuna di poterlo vedere nel 2007 al festival del cinema di roma e me ne sono innamorato ma non riesco a trovarlo!!!
I wanna have a kid who's born up.
106018 247 6 0 17
Documentario ''THe Universe of Keith Haring''

regia di Christina Clausen
PT2M11S
sd
MovieID::::808
isn’t this song by nicole dollanganger it sounds like one of her songs
Hi Rachael, please, what is the name of the song you uploaded for this video? I do not mean the links below.... Thank you.
Can you tell me the song name from the video?
Can you uploading this video?
thank you sharing the beautiful songs! Do you where i could find the movie?
What is this ?
Watch the full movie Mei and the kittenbus here: https://archive.org/details/MTKBSubs
Is this post rock?
i-----ii dont understand. can anyone explain?
Hello everyone,
Please follow the links in the description to hear the songs
wow just finished the fil it was awesome i love the ending
hey this movie is not working for me.can you tell me why cause I'm really want to watch this movie
Hi. this isn't working for me. I don't hear any audio and it is just one picture. Any help?? thanks!
Thank you SO much for sharing in this absolute awesomeness. I actually added subtitles to the camrip of this short that's been going around... just thought I should link it to you in exchange for your graciousness. ... gonna put it in the read more hereee...



https://mega.nz/#!GtZkCCZb!cDZ3jV51syhOk8npFXTXr6iR5-AutyBR-8NFPy6Pzo0 Bloop! Hope you enjoy! :  )
could you send me the songs, due to youtube the audio is blocked .-.
Hi Rachael! I have been looking everywhere for this soundtrack because I really want to listen to one piece in it(it's called Ah, totoro!" Would you kindly mind emailing it to me? :)
193023 505 677 0 45
Mei and the Kittenbus is a short film released only in Japan. I got a hold of the CD and wanted to share it with all of you. Enjoy!

All credit of this video belongs to Studio Ghibli

EDIT: Please see the links below to listen to the audio files

1  https://clyp.it/athxroes
2  https://clyp.it/g2141mu1
3  https://clyp.it/efrho1pw
4  https://clyp.it/w0zls2qe
5  https://clyp.it/ik351x2g
6  https://clyp.it/m2zjaprk
7  https://clyp.it/fdunrdbc
PT11M20S
hd
MovieID::::809
1480 6 1 0 0
Italian Trailer.
PT3M30S
sd
MovieID::::810
11236 21 0 0 1
Trailer del film diretto da Christian De Sica "Ricky e Barabba" (1992) Con Renato Pozzetto, Christian De Sica, Franco Fabrizi, Marisa Merlini, Sylvia Koscina
PT29S
sd
MovieID::::811
16930 4 8 0 0
"Sechs Schwedinnen von der Tankstelle"

Director: Erwin C. Dietrich
Writer: Erwin C. Dietrich
Stars: Brigitte Lahaie, Nadine Pascal, France Lomay

Brigitte Lahaie  ...
Greta
Nadine Pascal  ...
Inga
France Lomay  ...
Kerstin (as Francette Maillol)
Jane Baker  ...
Marie, the mayor's wife
Flore Sollier  ...
Lil (as Ella Rose)
Élodie Delage  ...
Astrid
Elsa Maroussia  ...
Selma
Eric Falk
Barbara Moose  ...
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::812
Sembrano i fratelli de Angelis
Bella musica. Anche la spilla...
14023 14 1 0 3
Play Motel

Directed by Mario Gariazzo.

With Ray Lovelock, Anna Maria Rizzoli, Anthony Steffen, Mario Cutini, Antonella Antinori, Marina Hedman, Enzo Fisichella, Patrizia Behn, Mario Novelli, Marino Masè.

Original Music by Ubaldo Continiello.
PT1M56S
sd
MovieID::::813
Listening to these tracks makes me wanna watch A special cop in action, The great kidnapping, and all these movies.......
È MORTO UN ALTRO COME ME NELLA MIA CITTÀ
same theme as TENTACLES movie
Please don't dead end.
40357 206 8 0 6

PT3M42S
hd
MovieID::::814
Cool, I'll have to go find this!
1920 8 0 0 1
Buy the feature documentary: http://www.independentsdoc.com .

This trailer includes music by Ben McAllister. Used with permission
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::815
Had this on DVD since 2001. I wish this really were on Bluray.
3323 25 1 0 3
La notte che Evelyn uscì dalla tomba"
The Night She Arose from the Tomb
The Night That Evelyn Left the Tomb

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0067487/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
PT26S
hd
MovieID::::816
may good films but cant watch
@2:09 - And just to keep things interesting...
This movie is "La Polizia è Sconfitta" (The Police is Defeated, maybe) directed by Domenico Paolella in 1977.

The city ids Bologna.Sorry for my english
it must be released on dvd
I love Z category :D
9466 21 0 0 6
Italian crime masterpiece about an inspector (Bozzuffi) forming a special squad of motorcyclists to go after a vicious protection and cop-killing racket. Their leading man is Valli, one of the most ruthless villains cinema has ever seen.



Picture quality of the trailer is not great but our print looks beautiful and has all the brutal violence and gore intact. For the first time you can enjoy this violent gem remastered, widescreen, UNCUT and in English language!
PT3M39S
sd
MovieID::::817
www.codythecarguy.com
www.codythecarguy.com/store
www.codythecarguy.com/forum
is there ever such thing as a weak radiator fan? Accord gets hot and and it struggles to bring the temperature down.
On my 87 prelude both fans come on with or without a/c on is that correct
I have a 94 Civic LX. It stalls out with driving. Replace fuel pump, filter and regulator. Replaced electrical Ignition control module, Plugs and wires. Have an ideas?
Do you have a video which shows where the relay and fuse box is on an accord and how to check those. Awesome. Grandson just bought him a honda with overheating problems. Thanks for taking time out to show us. paw Paw subbed
I have 05 civic and radiator fan is on all the time it start to turn when ignition switch is open,is that normal?
I have a honda civic 2010, both we fans are not working if the A/C is off. is that common?
Also at the time the engine gets very hot..
Great video Cody! Thanks for the help. -Robert
can someone please tell me if both fans on a 93 honda accord are suppose to run at the same time or is one come on when the ac is turned on???? please
our car 95 honda odyssey radiator fan doesn't work but when i turn on the ac it work pls help
Great video. I wasn't sure that BOTH fans are supposed to come on with the A/C. Helped me out a bunch.
Thanks Cody!
Cody i have an Integra the fans come on when the a/c switch is turned on is that normal. I dont see them on without the switch.
OK ..here's a weird scenario....89 accord....both fans coming on as soon as ignition is engaged...even with  an outside air temp at minus 10 degrees.  When it's 80 f outside it seems that everything works ok...fans will come on and go off at different intervals ...but it's both fans on...not just the radiator fan.  Could this be a bad FCU (fan control unit)?  The three sensors , 2 on engine and one on radiator seem to test ok on VOM.
Who know what engine was installed in Honda Civic VI (EJ EM1) 1.6 coupe
215HP. 1999-2000 years? I Can't find any info exactly about this model.
Can you give me some detailed info or link for review, or any other help
:) Thanks.
I have a honda van 2004 the problem is fan is always running not stop ple give me some info..how to do to automate the fan thanks
Thanks Guy!!!!
Thank you for the advice
he sounds like Lucky from King of the Hill
I have a 2007 Honda Element The problem is that when turn off the A / C the fans doesn't   work i need to keep turn on  A / C  to avoid over heating

what could be the problem?


Thank you!
Excellent! Thanks
My AC don't turn on how do I test it?

I have a 1994 Honda civic the fans not coming on
I HAVE A HONDA ACCORD 1991 CAN I SWITCH FAN LET ME KNOW CODY THANKS
I have a 96 prelude both fans don't run with a/c, tested them out they both work, jumped the plug at the thermometer and they both spin, fuses are good relay is good. Not sure what my problem is ?
My A/C fan won't work. I bought a new one but still doesn't work. I checked all the connections but everything is right, and there is electricity where is supposed.
Great job. I have the shop manual but it is always helpful to see someone do it who knows what they are doing. Thanks.
Very helpful saved me a bunch of money. Thank you sir.
great video. My 2003 Civic has the long radiator with both fans, which the radiator fan is not turning while the AC fan kicks on. I didn't realize that, but like how you repeated it multiple times that both needs to turn on.
i have a honda accord the fan is still on even when the car is turned off
thanks from GUAM..
I just want to THANK you for posting this video. Because of this, I was able to troubleshoot and fix my AC due to a bad fan myself. Much appreciated!
My ac fan on my 98 civic is not working and the car is over heating on the fwy on me. Is that the reason why?
237425 443 76 0 42
Not sure if its your fan gone bad or a relay or fuse well here are some simple steps to trouble shoot and fix it!
Don't Forget to Subscribe today for more fact or fiction, diy ,how to car repair,spooky or funny videos uploaded weekly.
https://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?add_user=rumrunner439
https://www.codythecarguy.com/store
https://www.patreon.com/codythecarguy
https://www.facebook.com/codycarguy
https://www.instagram.com/cody_the_car_guy
https://www.codythecarguy.com
https://www.twitter.com/1159videos
PT8M40S
hd
MovieID::::818
Thank you for uploading this movie. I really wanted to see it because Joe Dallesandro was in it. But  I have  to say it's a very stupid film. Three guys go around killing everyone they meet, everything is done in broad daylight but nobody stops them. There are witnesses to some of their killings, yet nobody can identify them because everyone is so stupid in this movie. But yeah, Joe was soooo hot, so whatever! He is the only reason i even bothered to watch this "piece of art".
Thanks to rockandrollheart67 for posting this flic. Been searching for the original uncut version for years!
This is the original uncut version! The new release through Amazon (region 2 only) is severely chopped up. Most of the violence is gone, which ruins the impact of the film! The version here has Greek subtitles (?) but it is in English. A must see for those who are looking for movies from Dallesandros Italian 'policier' period.
Great upload! I've wanted to see this for ages. Thanks.
4744 10 1 0 5
I uploaded this as a full movie but for some reason it ended up in parts!
Savage three starring Joe dallesandro
PT14M31S
sd
MovieID::::819
Does anyone know what happened to Tania  Roberts who played Dinah in the pilot : Play for Today  ' Gangsters ' 1975
This isn't it. For the correct theme see this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrTaImTusZI
4720 5 1 0 2
Gangsters was set in mid-70's Birmingham.  By the end it was absolutely bonkers!
PT2M59S
sd
MovieID::::820
I was tryna watch the Mule with Clint Eastwood and then ended up seeing his movie!
There is another the Mule movie coming out in 2018 with Clint Eastwood and Bradley Cooper
Hugo Weaving es tan cabrón en PATRIC MELROSE...
Sergeant Big Deuce VII took the oath to formally join the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Field Artillery. He now joins their other mascot, a goat known as Corporal Short Round, and will be attending all events deemed necessary by his commander.

The 2nd Battalion, 2nd Field Artillery has had a mule mascot since the Army began recognizing them in the 1950s. They say it helps give them a change of pace and also helps them to honor their roots.

It was a day of celebration as Fort Sill welcomed the four-month-old donkey, now known as Big Deuce VII. Lieutenant Colonel Adam Cobb says these mascots go far beyond cheering on the sideline during a sport.

"Coming here and seeing the significance of Big Deuce and Short Round to this battalion has meant a lot. It means a lot to the soldiers and their roots as artillery men," Lt. Col. Cobb explained.

These roots include the old "pack mule"  The Mule's conquest is amazingly fast: he defeats the Foundation and establishes the Union of Worlds after only five years. Then, just as suddenly, and seemingly randomly, he stops his advance and settles into a five-year period of consolidation. This is actually because the Mule fears the mysterious Second Foundation, which is rumoured to be capable of defeating a mentalic individual like himself. According to a hint given by Hari Seldon, the Second Foundation was founded at "the opposite end of the galaxy" from the First Foundation, which was itself founded on the distant galactic rim planet Terminus. However, the true location of the Second Foundation is a total mystery and popular sentiment is that it does not exist. Nevertheless, the Mule launches repeated expeditions in search of the Second Foundation during this period of consolidation.
Can't believe I've not seen this, looks "shit" good! :)
HouseBound brought me here.
This movie was superb
yes a true Aussie hero with 20 frangers of dope up his bum .....
just watching this trailer makes me want to take a dump
One of the most disgusting films I've ever seen; 9/10.
Time for a stool
he Mule is another one of the quirky and odd Australian movies that are released every year that involves characters who are way over the top . This the the story of a football player who is coerced into going to Thailand to bring back heroin inside his body and when he gets back he is hauled up in a hotel room by police who wait til the packages come out naturally.
I think this is supposed to be a black comedy but i don't remember laughing once. The lead actor has a face you want to smack and there is only so much of his grimacing you can put up with. It's obviously not a movie that takes itself too seriously but falls down due to casting problems.
It's not terrible but it's not a film i could recommend either.

Seems like the best movies nowadays are aussie or asian or indie. Hollywood is shit, it needs to be flushed.
this movie smells the sheet.
The only satisfying thing in this movie is the ending.
Don't watch it after you have eaten! I think the film could  be more realistic if the small parcels of drugs taken from his shit were brownish and not white!
protagonist terrible waste of time
decent movie but the end is shitty
@"nKrkan"  <333
most disgusting film ever. but that blonde tough
Mr. Anderson
An excellent movie with a great cast
Fantastic movie. I would highly recommend  it.
KRKAN LOOK ! <3
Pusi kurac Krkaneee
Lajk ako te krkan ode doveo!
Yea this is the "when i'm high" kinda movie
AWESOME MOVIE!
Mr.Smith is in this movie
*[SPOILER]* For people who dont have the time to see this but really want to know how it ends: he shits in his bed but he hides the narcotics in the tv while he used the narcotics to drug the detective (and he went asleep as a result) who was watching over him. You're welcome. *[SPOILER]*
1:45 song name please? :)
1:38 to 1:42  ohh my God I laugh so hard.
Cmon man! Hugo Weaving needs to work on his Aussie accent! not real convincing
I just watched it and actually quite enjoyed it :) better then all the horse shit getting released atm
An entire movie about someone who can't take a shit. Wtf
wow the Australian accents are so fake
damn mormons
Yeeeah John Noble from Fringe :DD
Just saw it, it's fantastic!
Good movie...
This looks good, watching this in a few
They didn't have xray back then?
Hugo Weaving + Georgina Haig = totally gonna see this movie!
Surprisingly enjoyable movie
This movie was FREAKIN AWESOME. Definitely a must see
good movie. enjoyed watching it.
shit's gonna hit the fan!!
this looks pretty good actually.
Btw, what does Weaving say @ 1:21 "You are this close to ........ ... " ? Anyone?
omg we are making movies like this now? oh boy
A film made about a guy who doesn't have a shit for a week, interesting.
0:26 - These two seconds were enough. I'm gonna see this! HAHA!
wow that was weird...
This movie's full of crap.
I have a feeling he's gonna shit himself at the end of the movie
Too Lapaglias and JEfrey Rush weren't around.... Still, this an epic Ozzfest.
The Long, Hard Poop?
I don't want to say this is a shitty movie because the acting actually looks good, but why should we give a shit about a guy who can't give a shit?
mr. anderson...
It looks awesome, I hope it delivers....not literally
Do the British have a federal police? If so what are they called?
What's the name of the song?
cant wait to see it
Love a bit of Dirty dirty Melbourne vice....
1:46   The look and sound made me realize how awesome it would be if they could capture the essence of the GTA games and transfer it to the big screen.
Gav from Four Quarters is in it.
Lace Curtain - Falling (II) is the song
and in my suggested videos is "let me poop" frozen parody. go figure
WOW! Agent Smith's new job looks pretty shitty!
Come on Mr. Anderson we all know you're hiding drugs for Morpheus! You must take a shit! It is inevitable!
It looks like an intense thriller, but they threw in some comedy bits that made me laugh.
Why wont this prick shit!!!
now this looks different!..no bloody superheroes in it!
This movie should be called 'Constipation', because it hasn't come out yet.
When producers run out of ideas for movies they decide to make a movie about a guy holding a shit
Is this a comedy orrrrr
Story of a man who refuses to poop.  Wow really getting desperate for ideas lol.
WHY WON'T THE PRICK SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Agent Smith came back
Smith my hero.
Horrery Sheet
this movie looks like its about crap

BUMBUMCHHH
I WANT YOU TO POO, NOW!!!!
https://m.freemyapps.com/share/url/31220108
Use this link and get credits for downloading apps. You can use your credits to get a fandango gift card, amazon gift cards and itunes gift cards. It is all free. It works if you have an ipod
i got uncomfortable just by watching the trailer...
That's some serious investigation of someone's constipation right here
Can't quite tell if it's meant to be funny or not. Intriguing, though.
i don't think he gives a shit
So basically this movie is about a man trying not to get a shit. Oh, the suspence!
The only reason I clicked on this is because it has Hugo Weaving (ie God) in it
Why dont they just take an X Ray
are aussies so dumb?
Is Walter or Walternate in this flix?
Why are there mens toilets in lesbian clubs?
757439 1419 144 0 208
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE TRAILERS: http://goo.gl/iPUuo
Like us on FACEBOOK:  http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
The Mule Official Trailer #1 (2014) - Hugo Weaving, Angus Sampson Crime Movie HD

Inspired by true events, The Mule tells the story of a naive man who is detained by federal police with lethal narcotics hidden in his stomach. Alone and afraid, ‘the Mule’ makes a desperate choice; to defy his bodily functions and withhold the evidence… literally. By doing so he becomes a 'human time bomb'; dragging cops, criminals and concerned family into his impossible escapade.

The Movieclips Trailers channel is your destination for the hottest new trailers the second they drop. Whether it's the latest studio release, an indie horror flick, an evocative documentary, or that new RomCom you've been waiting for, the Movieclips team is here day and night to make sure all the best new movie trailers are here for you the moment they're released.

In addition to being the #1 Movie Trailers Channel on YouTube, we deliver amazing and engaging original videos each week. Watch our exclusive Ultimate Trailers, Showdowns, Instant Trailer Reviews, Monthly MashUps, Movie News, and so much more to keep you in the know.

Here at Movieclips, we love movies as much as you!
PT3M1S
hd
MovieID::::821
https://www.ebay.com/itm/Chantilly-Lace-VHS-Very-Rare-Tested-Works-Great-Talia-Shire-Great-Movie-/312905500462
I have the movie on VHS but I don't have a VHS player =`(
Can't find this movie on dvd anywhere,,   so want a copy , anybody know where I can get a copy?
Wish I could get this movie on DVD!!
eikenberry  good  actres.
I wish there was a place I could watch the movie online without having to give out my cc number. I can't find it anywhere.   :(
5710 32 1 0 13
Chantilly Lace Trailer 1993
Director: Linda Yellen
Starring: Ally Sheedy, Helen Slater, Jill Eikenberry, Lindsay Crouse, Martha Plimpton, Talia Shire

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Fine female ensemble, which also includes JoBeth Williams, in a partly improvised look at a secret-sharing gathering of friends.

Movie, Chantilly Lace Movie,Chantilly Lace Trailer,Chantilly Lace 1993, Linda Yellen,Ally Sheedy, Helen Slater, Jill Eikenberry, Lindsay Crouse, Martha Plimpton, Talia Shire
PT1M36S
sd
MovieID::::822
They really didn't know how to market this film.  It's first and foremost a film about  discovering your family and learning valuable lessons from them.  It's incredibly moving and meaningful with amazing performances.  If I were to market the film, I'd focus on that and less so on the swamp land.
Even when Cannon happened to make a good film, the trailers made them look cheesy.
one of the best movies ever
Yeah, the bad thing about good older movies is that those cheese-ball dated trailers make them look trashy. This movie is phenomenal, and the incredible Tangerine Dream soundtrack clinched the deal.
The movie was a lot deeper. This trailer makes it seem cliched.
12170 35 3 0 5

PT2M16S
sd
MovieID::::823
I was in grade 9 when they shot this in my hometown
Now that seems like my kinda movie.
Love the soundtrack.
I was still five in kindergarten in 1976 . Watched this movie in our local theater in 1983
This movie had a crappy title to cash in on Clint Eastwood's famous trouser cannon. but's is a very good movie with a fantastic car chase. Old Stuart Whitman gave up acting soon after this and went into toe property game and guess what?...he's still alive and worth over one hundred million dollars!
Wow, that was a nice car chase.
From the Director of The Puma Man. Sorry, Martin Herbert's a fake name for Alberto De Martino.
Why '70s trailers had to show most of the movie, I don't know.
Love to this one. Never heard of it.
F*ck id pay an admission price just to see the trailer.
15016 80 1 0 11
Trailer for the 1976 Eurocrime action thriller Blazing Magnum (aka Shadows in an Empty Room, Strange Shadows in an Empty Room, Una Magnum Special per Tony Saitta, Tough Tony Saitta)



Directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Stuart Whitman, John Saxon, Martin Landau and Gayle Hunnicutt.
PT3M31S
sd
MovieID::::824
3766 35 0 0 0
8[]
PT3M2S
sd
MovieID::::825
Very nice. With simple instruments a grait result
Thanks for posting this!
Es de 1946 (y no de 1944)
It's a story about a guy who likes a girl and he goes to meet her parents.
i like this, dunno why, bit poop, but i really like it
8341 58 1 0 5
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 133-141: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::826
What a f8cking TURD of a film...dad 1 drives a dumb pick up and dad 2 drives a European Land Rover.
UTTER CRAP.....NO STARS! I bet Trump's mentally retarded voters rate it 5 stars!
Its Hook from cars
for all of you having a bad comments, I've just watched the movie and it was nice as  the first one. it has a moral value and it was made me cry. kudos for the two dad actors portraying in this movie. and the little girl was so cute. I love this movie.
Didn't even know this existed until this morning. Something tells me it  shouldn't
This looks fuckin' awful. Why didn't they just call it something else, like the Shittest Christmas Film This Year =P
You know how this sequel might have been salvaged? If they made it a horror movie in the same vein as Halloween III, and called it: Jingle All the Way II: Season of the Bear. When each Harrison bear is purchased, the customer is given the special Harrison app for the kids' phones, saying that Harrison's got a special message JUST for you. When the app is launched, the bear starts singing Harrison's theme song... and then explodes, killing everyone within 30 feet. Larry the Cable Guy plays our hero, similar to Tom Atkins in Halloween III. Sure, it's a stupid idea, but hell, look what we got instead.
Who told you  you could eat my cookie?
There's some guy in the comments that's desperately trying to defend this movie and it's hilarious to see.
Jingle All The Way (2.5/10)
Jingle All The Way 2(0/10)
This should been jingle all the way 2 https://youtu.be/cbvNc2AgacU
THIS MAKES THE FIRST JINGLE ALL THE WAY LOOK GOOD IT WAS ALSO BAD ENOUGH!!!
You know a movie is going to be bad when WW Studios is a title card.
The original J.A.T.W was way so much better. It had more than just Arnold Schwarzenegger on it and that one funny African American. It had action, adventure, suspense and it even had a superhero vs supervillan fight as the final scene 4 Pete's sake! This sequel to J.A.T.W doesn't come close to the original, not in the least. Even with 2 wrestlers from WWE! THE ORIGINAL HAD A STORY! THIS SEQUEL WON'T EVER BE AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINAL!
Well this looks horrible...
This film is worse than home Alone 4
So is this a remake or a sequel to the classic Arnold Schwarzenegger movie?
The closest we have to a real "Jingle All the Way" sequel is "A Christmas Story 2." It has the same director as the original, and similar humor and gags as the first film, and David Newman doing the music score.
0/10 needs more Booster.
I hate Larry The Cable Guy in every sequels! Leave first movie alone!
This and A Christmas Story 2 should give whoever's making the sequel to It's A Wonder Life the message that making unwanted sequels to classic Christmas films is a worst idea ever known to Hollywood.
Short review: WHY

Long version: Unnecessary sequel to an unnecessary movie from a company running out of ideas since "Home Alone: The Holiday Heist"
The First One Was Way Better!
You guys will make anything into a movie, won't you.
Sorry, but without Sinbad, I can't watch this.
The film is a timeless classic.
I liked Jingle all the Way!
WHERES ARNOLD?!
Never heard of jingle all the way 2 until now
Why would they even try to create such abomination?
Looks like nostalgia critic has something to review!
I saw the name and got my hopes up. took less than 31 seconds to crush them...
.....................................................................................................................................REALLY????
Jingle All The Way 1 was bad enough
Why does this exists in the first place.
i'd rather a piece of shriveled coal than receive this as a christmas present.
This doesn't exist just like A Christmas Story 2 or Home Alone 4 and 5. What...a bunch...of garbage!!
.................... For the love of god WHY?!?!
so how does this relate to the original jingle all the way?
No.. no,. noooooooo, nooooo.. uhhhh why????   Nooooooooo!
This is going to be the best straight-to-video sequel ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Larry keep your work on stage and Santino... Just go do whatever you been doing for the past 4 years
This is a sick world we're living in! Sick people!
A pointless sequel for an originally pointless movie.  Not wasting my money renting or buying this.
no cookies

0/10 wouldnt watch trailer again
As long as its a nice family movie,
Compared to Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas, this movie will be like Citizen Kane.
This movie was good. Santino is pretty good as the straight man character.
Literally first video i ever looked up on youtube to complain about. as jingle all the way being my fav. Childhood xmas movie, thi movie just looks plain out retarded...
This is nothing but garbage,this is gonna be a disaster!
This is going to be... THE WORST MOVIE EVEEEERRR
This is more Deck The Halls 2 than it is Jingle All The Way 2 <watches A Charlie Brown Christmas and The Grinch [1966 version] for real Christmas movies>
Can we sue movie companies for defaming the image of its prequel? Because if that was a thing this movie would be arrested.
This sequel won't be the same without Schwarzenegger yelling at you for touching his cookies.
Finally, Larry the Cable guy had the guts to do what Arnold couldn't
Just seen this great movie! It was awesome!!!!! My family and I loved it! Would watch it again!!!!
Two unfunny people who are in a in needed sequel to a fun but bad film. Great idea Vince.
just watched it.... can the child be anymore obnoxious? i guess they wanted to copy the original where Jake Lloyd was Annoying...
I don't know much about Larry the Cable Guy and whether he's funny, but Jingle All the Way was funny BECAUSE Arnie was in it and he was at the peak of his acting career. Without even seeing a trailer it looks horrible
What does this have to do with the first movie at all? Why don't they just name it "Larry The Cable Guy's Christmas" instead of bullshitting us with this?
Bulk-buy non-perishable supplies, batten down the hatches - civilization is over.
I just found out about this they are ruining my favorite Christmas movie
Couldn't possibly be worse than Christmas Vacation 2.
Ok this could top National Lampoons Christmas Vacation 2 and Home Alone 3/4 for most disappointing sequels (ok maybe not home alone 4)
This looks awful. But the first one was awful too. Nostalgia is the only reason I still watch that thing.
Comedic relief in the form of over the top slapstick.
Can't beat Arnold
Why is this called Jingle all the way 2. This has nothing to do with Jingle all the way!?!?!?
How is this Jingle All the Way?
This makes me sick.
i swear Larry the Cable Guy is in every shitty spinoff in existence.
Atleast it doesn't look as bad as Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas
This looks retarded
Wasn't big show in the original?
Arnold Schwarzenegger dislikes this
This could have been just the blockbuster that Jake Lloyd needed to relaunch his career. Instead we get this steaming turd.
I like how the WWE promotes Santino as a character in this movie.  However, on the IMDB page for this, he's listed about halfway down the cast list.  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3486392/fullcredits?ref_=tt_cl_sm#cast
Shameless cash grab. The first one wasn't actually a masterpiece, but all the satire that was present in the first will be lost on this terrible execution of a sequel.
Please no. Who would ever give this the greenlight?
Just because the Big Show was in the first one doesn't mean WWE should be able to make a sequel now does it? these two franchises are best kept separate.
I'm going to stick with the original!
Larry...for the love of God...PLEASE return to the History Channel!!!
I hate your movies,but I loved that show!!!
would expect no less from Fox.
How dare you
This is a SICK WORLD we live in with SICK PEOPLE.
Oh for god's sake. If you want the make the film, make it, but don't make it a sequel to one of the classics. By the looks of things it has absolutely nothing to do with the first one as well.
So, Jingle all the way. will be the "new"
(Home Alone/Beethoven)?
Yay. The sequel that everyone asked for. I'm so glad the cast from the original could return. It just wouldn't be a sequel without Sinbad or Arnold. I'm sure it will be well written just like The Christmas Story 2 and Home Alone 4.
No! Don't make a sequel to the Citizen Kane of Christmas movies!
20th century fox is milking larry the cable guy too much
This is gonna be awesome. ..
Think I'll stick to the original..
there goes my childhood sigh....
This is a joke right?
Turbo man or GTFo .. stop killing my favorite movies wwe with shitty sequels and reboots
Lol what were they thinking?
430413 317 680 0 247
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u27a1' in position 731: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::827
THAT SEGMENT WHEN THE GUY IS THINKING ABOUT DAMES WOULD NOT FLY TODAY...THE LEFTY NUT SQUAD WOULD CALL IT EXPLOYTATION OF WOMEN...BOY DO I LONG FOR THE GOOD OLD DAYS....EARLY LEE MARVIN.....
HOW ABOUT THE FULL FILM????
Sadly Collucci (Bonar Colleano) died in a car accident age 34 driving a SK 140 Jaguar
I served and when there is down time (which happens a lot) we would talk about the ladies for hours. Good stories.
Due to political correctness, the snowflakes in charge in the next ten years will try to ban this.
Personally I think this is wonderful, and if you are having a bad day, just watch this.
Shame the main film star died so tragically.
Yeah, I have this dream a lot too.
I love this movie !
7794 32 1 0 7

PT4M13S
sd
MovieID::::828
26282 32 7 0 1
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065693/
Available Here: http://www.strangevice.co.uk/store/view/in_folds_flesh
PT3M21S
sd
MovieID::::829
I would also like to see it again. I caught it about 20 years ago while channel surfing. She was so precious.
TCM owns this film and they have never released it.  They have an option on their website where you can vote for it to be put on DVD.  I keep looking at their program schedule but have never come across it.  I do not understand why they won't put it on a collection of movies for Margaret O'Brien.  I saw this movie probably 45 years ago and it impressed me and I would like to see it again.  It is so frustrating.  I bought some movie stills because I am losing hope for any release date...and believe me
I check their site every time they say they have released new movies from their vault!
If anyone knows where and how I can get this video please let me know.
2426 13 0 0 4

PT2M32S
sd
MovieID::::830
by Rodrigo/Carioca
http://cariocabaixeaqui.blogspot.com
http://cariocabaixeaquixxx.blogspot.com
alternativ titels:  Desert Law, Beyond Justice, Maktub,Il Principe del deserto
7306 17 3 0 2
Beyond Justice Trailer 1992
Director: Duccio Tessari
Starring: Brett Halsey, Carol Alt, Elliott Gould, Omar Sharif, Rutger Hauer, Peter Sands

Official Content From Trimark

A former CIA agent is hired by a successful business woman to save her son from kidnappers.

Movie, Beyond Justice Movie,Beyond Justice Trailer,Beyond Justice 1992, Duccio Tessari,Brett Halsey, Carol Alt, Elliott Gould, Omar Sharif, Rutger Hauer, Peter Sands
PT1M29S
sd
MovieID::::831
4713 38 1 0 0
Gianni Ferrio - Main Themes - Una Farfalla Con Le Ali Insanguinate aka The Bloodstained Butterfly OST - Italy 1971
PT3M6S
hd
MovieID::::832
One of my favorites. It's soooo good!
great gun fight
47523 124 9 0 3
http://www.spaghetti-western.net/index.php/Ritorno_di_Ringo,_Il

Il ritorno di Ringo / The Return of Ringo / Ringo kommt zurück / Gnade spricht Gott - Amen mein Colt
Italy 1965
Director: Duccio Tessari
With Giuliano Gemma, Fernando Sancho, George Martin, Lorella de Luca, Nieves Navarro, Antonio Casas
Screenplay: Duccio Tessari, Fernando Di Leo, Alfonso Balcazar
Cinematography: Francisco Marín
Music: Ennio Morricone

The only 'official' sequel to Tessari's very popular A Pistol For Ringo, also starring Giuliano Gemma, this film is a loose retelling of the ancient greek story of The Odyssey. Gemma, as Montgomery Brown, plays the Odysseus / Ulysses role, returning from the civil war where he was presumed to have died, to find his house overrun by bandits and his wife engaged to one of the leaders, Paco Fuentes, played by the always devilish George Martin. In an attempt to discover if his wife, Hally, has remained faithful, he dyes his hair and takes on the disguise of a mestizo peasant, gradually gaining access to his old home and learning in the process that he has a daughter who is being used by Paco as a hold on Hally in order to make her compliant in his desire to marry her. Rallying the townspeople into action, Ringo sets about defeating the Fuentes brothers and winning back his family.
PT3M21S
sd
MovieID::::833
this movie was my grandpas favorite
i lvo tht super hero music
Amazing, now I will be looking for the great soundtrack by uncle Morricone
15513 52 5 0 3
The Ballad of Death Valley!
PT3M17S
sd
MovieID::::834
Available at cinedelhogar com (marakka2000, inc.)...italo-french eurospy.
if someone has this. they should defintely upload it just saying.
Spaghetti James Bond movie :D

What was the name again?
was this a comedy?
think the song is made by Bruno Nicolai
Socrates didn't seem to have much of a career. He's one parrot, one dead parrot.
dus some 1 kno this song caz wee being on here for 5 day's if u do pless say ye sor no

Holy shit.........
THEY GAVE THE DAMN BIRD A TRAILER CREDIT??
@travellinman321 This film is actually Italian were most of the Bond/spy movie parodies were made at the time.
One of them (OK Connery) even had Neil Connery, the unknown Sean Connery's brother, as the main character just to rub it in :)

Love the theme song!!
great song , fantastic acrobatics, surrealistic humour tipycal of the '60s... Austin Powers is much indebted to this movie and GG character ....what a pity it is available only on VHS !
I heard the song by Ann-Margret
tutti gli attori di Ringo!!! magari questo film sarebbe pubblicato in dvd in Spagna!!
44589 65 5 0 15
Trailer for the spy thriller Kiss Kis... Bang Bang. Directed by Duccio Tessari, stars Giuliano Gemma and George Martin.
PT3M23S
sd
MovieID::::835
Produced by Colgate alum Zoe Friedman '89.
1589 6 0 0 1
In this one-hour special, some of the biggest names in comedy, including Jimmy Fallon, Jay Leno, Jerry Seinfeld, Kathy Griffin, and more, pay tribute to the legendary stand-up stage founded in 1963 by Budd Friedman.

See the world television premiere of The Improv: 50 Years Behind the Brick Wall on December 6th at 10pm ET on EPIX.
PT51S
hd
MovieID::::836
No nudity at the buffet
GAY SANDA ,,? F.....N    NEW AGE WEIRDOS LEAVE NOTHING SACRED TO THE KIDS.
someone smack that crying kid. wasting santa's time like that
Their whole goal with this philosophy is to teach all man and women that the only peek of life is to seek up most pleasure and happiness that you can get out of it because when you die theres nothing else.That's what they teach.That's what they want you to be.That's why they dont want law's against sexual promiscuity,that's why they dont want familys,that's why they dont want marriage,that's why they incurage homosexuality.There is method to their madness,theres really not much method to yours.
Brainwashing the masses! Look this new religion is cool as long as it doesn't start getting into the faces of other and become a dictatorship! Or maybe who ever runs what ever runs the money is on the move for some reason this season the higher powers are trying to do it big and quick!
Came here from The Creatures.
james brought me here
IM HERE BECAUSE OF THE CREATURES... OHHHH JAMES!!!
I'm surprised more people are worried about a gay Santa than the Santa that works at a fucking sex shop (I don't hate him. I actually like all 4 of the Santas).
Anything that pisses of Bill Donohue ifs FINE BY ME!
Kevin Smith brought me here !
I am not against the idea of having a gay Santa, but I am against the whole overly commercialized  holidays
Jim is AWESOME!
So there's a guy with a white beard, who during Christmas dresses up as Santa Claus...oh and he's gay.  WHOOPDIEE F#CK1N DO!!!!!!!!  People, it's 2014 going on 2015, gay marriage is legal in over half of the country.  If you have a problem with someone's private life then you clearly don't have one.
Santa Queers?
Gonna watch it in 15 minutes. Only me and my girlfriend are in the theater though....kinda feeling bad :(
Looks cool  Mick Foley is awesome and I always thought those Santa Claus had something to hide ...Hey are just guys playing A childhood icon....Just kidding I am looking forward to seeing this.
Holy shit, Hardcore Legend Mick Foley wanting to be Santa Clause!? I don't care how much of a grown man I am, I would sit on his lap. XD
santa is a faaaaaggg!!!!
MICK FOLEY!!!
You're gonna be pissing green tonight...LOL!
looks interesting
117525 279 53 0 40
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
I Am Santa Claus Official Trailer 1 (2014) - Documentary HD


We have documented an entire year in the lives of five real-bearded professional Santa Clauses to find out what the rest of the year is like for a man who perpetually looks like Jolly Saint Nick. In the process, they are shown for who they actually are, flawed, flesh and blood men who feel an overbearing responsibility to protect the integrity of the spotless, untarnished reputation of the 'Red Suit.' 'I Am Santa Claus' is a documentary that poses a question about a ubiquitous holiday figure that few parents ever ask themselves; 'Whose lap is my child sitting on?'
PT2M11S
hd
MovieID::::837
This was the movie that got Robinson the lead role for Little Caesar later that year, and the rest is history
in my opinion, Alice White was unsuitable to the leading role in this movie. it was an entertaining lite-crime movie, but her presence makes the movie looks like a comedy film rather than a crime film. the way that I see it, credibility is an important factor in such a film and she couldn't play in a serious and credible manner. this movie could have been so much better with a different actress. for her own good, I'll just say that I liked the hat she was wearing, she was really cute!
He's also one of my favorite actors. He is so unique,  there is nobody else like him
where are all of the Edward G fans?, He's one of my favorites, thank you.
Edward G. Robinson ~ Pre-Code Widow From Chicago
PT2M12S
hd
MovieID::::838
Please, friends of Warner, SPANISH SUBTITLES in DVD´S edition of these wonderful movies. Thanks you
Where can I download the full movie?
WHERE can I get this movie?  I haven't seen it in YEARS.
23317 40 1 0 7
Emmy-winner and Oscar-nominee Barbara Hershey ("Portrait of a Lady," "Hannah and Her Sisters") plays a free spirit who agrees to bear a child for a childless couple in this early look at the phenomenon of surrogate motherhood. Co-starring Scott Glenn ("The Silence of the Lambs," "The Right Stuff"), this is the first feature by director James Bridges ("Urban Cowboy," "The China Syndrome").
PT3M
sd
MovieID::::839
Um documentário de Andreas Johnsen sobre direitos autorais e cultura. Entrevistas com Girl Talk, o produtor nigeriano Charles Igwe e o presidente da International Federation of the Phonografic Industry, John Kennedy.
PT1M6S
hd
MovieID::::840
love you I'm Gypsy
@levskiboy1914 Does she sing elevenses with Molly Hodgkins?
Esma Redžepova is the  Queen Of The Gypsies and she is amazing singer, her voice is unique
hello dmcc20012 this term is only used in ireland. the other names they call the gyspsy people that settleed in ireland are. Tinkers, pikers. or Travellers. thank you for the reply. Drohegda
over in ireland they are called " The puck of the drome" meaning " Spirit of the Road" beautiful People.
I am so happy to be Rroma, finally a celebration of who we and more importantly our ansestors, grandparents and elders are. Finally a chance for our children to not be as hated as we were. Thank you Johnny Depp, Jasmine Della, all the people who were involved, tey "beshen" undo sastimous. Blessing to Punjabi and all RRomani throughout the world....Oppra zhavalley Rromaley, vazden tumaro glaso!!
I am not gypsy but i have gypsy friends, no problems at all! Like any other race... good and bad... Top musicians. Esma is real gypsy queen!
Opre Roma!!!!
33370 84 0 0 8
"What you've believed about these people has been a lie your entire life." Johnny Depp



A dazzling documentary celebrating the musical world of the Roma, showcasing the work of top international Gypsy performers and interweaving tales of their home life and history. Filmed, sometimes by documentary icon Albert Maysles, in Spain, Macedonia, Romania and India, with footage from the Gypsy Caravan Tour of Europe and America.



Dir Jasmine Dellal, USA/Netherlands 2006, 110 mins



An ICA Films release. Opens in the UK Friday 28 September 2007.



www.ica.org.uk/gypsycaravan
PT2M29S
sd
MovieID::::841
filmão !! pena que nao consigo comprar e tambem não acho essa trilha sonora maravilhosa.
9159 13 1 0 1
Directed by : Philippe Lefebvre
Produced by : Les Films Manuel Munz
Genre: Fiction - Runtime: 1 h 40 min
French release: 04/01/2012
Production year: 2011

Paris. Simon Weiss, captain of the Vice Squad, sets out on his round of night clubs just as he does every night. That's his job. This night is not like the others... Very quickly Weiss understands that a trap has been laid for him. Caught between Internal Affairs and some gangsters, Weiss will have to defend himself, confronting cops, businessmen, and criminals.

More info: https://en.unifrance.org/movie/33077/paris-by-night
PT1M34S
sd
MovieID::::842
5320 16 1 0 0
Directed by Dorothy Arzner

With Claudette Colbert, Fredric March
PT5M18S
sd
MovieID::::843
saw this movie at romanian fim festival in munich with director caranfil present, great movie experience!
I like the halo 2 warthog turret sound effect
I'm assuming the film is good, since it has a high IMDB rating.  But this trailer isn't doing it any justice.  The quick cuts and one liners are not working for me.
This film was a great masterpiece, it was really funny, actually. But this trailer makes it seem more like a crime story or something.
LOL! It looks like fun! Ha! :)
101901 212 14 0 6
Opening in theaters and VOD April 17th

Starring: Mark Strong and Vera Farmiga

A band of Romanian freedom fighters pull the crime of the century in this gripping heist film based on an incredible true story. Bucharest, 1959: with anti-Semitism on the rise, a group of Jewish WWII resistance members, led by a police inspector (The Imitation Game’s Mark Strong) and an academic (Academy Award-nominee Vera Farmiga), reteam for an audacious act of political agitation. Posing as a movie crew, they hold up the Romanian National Bank by making it look like a film shoot. But what comes next is even more unbelievable when the group is handed down a punishment as outlandish as their crime. Game of Thrones' Harry Lloyd co-stars in this slyly comic satire ripped from the strange-but-true pages of history.

Subscribe to IFC: http://youtube.com/user/IFCFilmsTube

Connect with IFC Online
IFC Films Official Site: http://www.ifcfilms.com
Follow IFC Films on Twitter: http://twitter.com/IFCFilms
Find IFC Films on Facebook: http://facebook.com/IFCFilmsOfficial
Follow IFC Films on Instagram : http://instagram.com/ifcfilms
PT2M30S
hd
MovieID::::844
más que vigilar el marido a la mujer, si el que ha puesto la película se tomara la molestia de haberla visto, te enteras de que el marido está hasta el gorro de su autoritaria mujer. Que tiempos aquellos cuando había libertad para contar las cosas como son en realidad. Ahora las feministras quemaban la película. NO A LA VIOLENCIA FEMINISTA, ja ja ja
1455 2 0 0 1
Un marido de ida y vuelta, Hoy a las 22.00h. Entretenida, divertida y fiel adaptación de la obra homónima de Enrique Jardiel Poncela. Dirigida por Luis Lucia y protagonizada por Emma Penella y Fernando Fernán-Gómez. La cinta cuenta como una considerada viuda pretende casarse con el mejor amigo que tenía su difunto esposo, muerto recientemente. Pero éste no ha desparecido del todo de la vida de su mujer, ya que su espectro regresa a este mundo para vigilar de cerca todos los actos que su mujer realiza sin su presencia en el mundo de los vivos.
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::845
Excellent movie really enjoy it
Just happened upon this movie and I really liked it :) EVERYONE needs to watch this movie :) so heartwarming and sweet :) and of course I cried like a baby lol
Am so sad what ppl dont know about this movie...
is there anyway we can see the full program
not enough kokomo
possibly the best thing I've ever seen on TV
This is a horrible trailer for such an amazing movie.
What song is it? ;3
This is a brilliant film , I downloaded it from yify torrents or kickass torrents for free and great quality
I fuken cried so much my balls shrunk.
So, if I got this right, its basically an english Forrest Gump, or something?
Truly a marvellous movie!
Marvellous

I have been meaning to seeing Marvellous for a while since it was shown on TV last year and i have to ask myself why did it take so long ? because this film is a joy to behold.
It's the story of Neil Baldwin , who's outlook in life is infectious and lives life too the full . Along the way , picks up friends that mere mortals like you and me wouldn't think of mixing with.
Toby Jones is fantastic as Nello and this confirms that he is currently one of the best character actors around today.
What is really good about this is the interspersion of the real Neil Baldwin who confirms long the way that this did ( or didn't ) really happen .
Director , Julian Farino has made a film here that can only be described as joyous and it is worth the licence fee alone.

Nello is a legend . Bloody Marvellous.


10 out of 10
If you watch this movie and dont feel good you are dead inside.
What an amazing movie. I recommend this to everybody. It's a shame the movie doesn't get the recognition it deserves!
The show lives up to its title
And Neel often quoted the great Cloughie.
What a fine film. I would say COYR but the heart in this guy spans all Football clubs so I won't. Simply Marvelous!
I just wach the movie and i feel so happy that pepole like him acualy exised! I do not care how close to the reality is... It more than enough the kind of thinking and feeling of him!
Keele? Where the fuck's Keele?!
Just watched the film last night on BB2 - very funny and very touching. Hope it wins an Oscar......this could be the next phase of the story- Nello in Hollywood picking up an Oscar.
Where could I watch this? Im not from UK :/
Just watched this. Brilliant.
This was beautiful.
I met Neil Baldwin back in 1993 as a first year undergraduate, always found him wandering across the campus, surprised he got away with the university authorities.  Why did he not stalk Staffordshire University?  Less of a close-knit community probably...
I'm an extra in this film, Toby Jones and me had a little chat.
Neil was a nice guy, glad to see this programme's being made. Those pillars in the concourse are a bit of a continuity error though, they were only put in in 2012.
he's also Dobby or Armin Zola
Cannot wait for this! Legend!
Legend. Talked to him on a regular basis when I was at Keele and he was the nicest bloke. I wonder whether he ever put in his CV for the England job like he claimed haha.
I went to Keele and I found this man extremely unnerving. And he didn't do anything to deserve and of his titles or awards, they just had to do something with him because he wouldn't leave the campus. Don't think he was even a student there, he just turned up one day and never left and talked to students as they walked past him. Weirdo.
What is the song from this trailer?? Driving me nuts!
Totally taken in by this just seen the trailer had too re watch...looking forward to this.
I've been waiting for this since I was an extra in it back in May
Ha ha that guy was in doctor who
lol season 5
256761 396 30 0 64
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\U0001f514' in position 14: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::846
6247 16 0 0 0
Somewhere in the Night (1946)
PT1M50S
sd
MovieID::::847
I loved it hahahaha
One more very bad copy of hangover
This movie looks like a low budget version of the Hangover movies.
Shame on you moviemakers!
This movie looks like rubbish mixed with vegas.
Shameless Hangover knock off.
What is this manjew shit??
what is tittle of the song?
tom hanks do it better....
How does this garbage ever even get funded?
the title of the movie should be "almost hungover", If you know what  I mean ;)
I think this movie is a longer version of a porno movie it is a complete waste of money time , its lame cheep ass movie.
Predictable,  stolen ideas,  bad performance and repetitive.
Enjoy my mean comment.
stupidity and USA......  nothing new   here, it seems...
Meaningless, plotless show, with the worst dialogue, and lamest lame-ass cues and dialogues. Shitty porn movie. Just made for the mindless to watch. Waste of space in the world of broadcasting.
The cast could have done something  infinitely better with their time :( amateur production, very poor script and acting skills, leaves you wondering how can they make such bad movies when there's so much talent out there...
Its a porn movie, drama category :)
como puedo descargar los subtitulos
American movie promoting cheating

surprise surprise
asses bring youtube arround :D
Seriously? a Hangover rip-off?....
public execution for every single person who made this movie happen. Hang!
crappy movie
Does anyone know the name of the song that played during the making of the porn in this movie?
Watched this movie twice that's how funny it was
Thanks for sharing the trailer footage, guys!! Looks like an awesome movie!! Can't wait to watch it! ;)
vegas! that place is the desire for most of the men...
its only been a few years. i haven't forgotten the hangover plot for you guys to rip it off this blatantly
It's probably the worst movie I've seen in a long long time
this movie sucks... it looks like its going to be an hourand half long cheap commercial.
I only watched it for dat ass!
Knock off wannabe Hangover movie. Sigh
The movie is a lot worse worse worse than you would expect...
cancer! it give me cancer!
half of it was stolen from porn movie and the other half was stolen from Hangover movie.
Another movie wich lack actual talents but makes up in naked horny girls. Not complaining.
hangover rip off
Just create a porn instead of a movie if you really feel like doing it. Duh!
looks like a porn movie without porn
Hangover imitation...
Where do they find these actors??? I rather see once again American Pie from 1999 and laugh my ass off than waste 5 min of my life on that shit!!!
There are four guys and one of them is black and there are four girls and one of them is black too. What is one supposed to make of this?
Damn!! Even the voice over is bad!!
- saw the title and thumnail, click on it
- play trailer
- saw "The Asylum" logo
- hope, flop.
hi if anybody have seen the movie , pls tell me the name of the song when they drink the ecstasy :D looking everywhere for this electro beat but cant find it
looks like total crap.
This is the result of business men trying to make a movie to get some money out of it.
Because a kinky sex theme is not totally overused in movies. Pffff.....not worth my time.
Sienna , name ?
this movie looks awful
Not a pretty movie, who the fuck would go see it?
if you put together a blooper reel from hangover it'd be better than this shit why is it on my youtube front page
From the thumbnail it looked like a GTA V stripper lol
Horrible bootleg Hangover imitation. Who produces this garbage?
The trailer is not good enough even for a porn movie !!
this trailer gave me a hangover....
Did they just watch The Hangover now? #Late
Hangover still the best.
Terrible...take a lap.
interesting movie.
The trailor couldnt even cover up the bad acting.. bad bad acting guys...
copy from hangover...
0:17 who's playing the bachelorette girl here third left?lol
2719032 1484 543 0 88
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u27a8' in position 64: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::848
4908 4 1 0 0

PT1M16S
sd
MovieID::::849
waar kan ik deze film online streamen?ben al uren op zoek
lou was eindelijk echte man die zich niet lie bedonderen toen die Hollander was
een vraag voor de kenners. als de amerikaanse serie gemaakt wordt denken jullie dat peter dinklage de mike zal spelen?
de Lou gaat dus duidelijk dood...
geweldige serie en topfilm!!!
geniaal!!! mijn absolute topserie en topfilm allertijden

zoveel spoilers in deze trailer
de lou is dood neeeeeee

heb met veel plezier de miniserie gekeken dus ga de film zeker zien :D
Eén van de beste Nederlandstalige series ooit.
wie weet waneer de release op dvd er komt
/watch?v=OzQ3zrZ2rAs blijft voor de rest vd dag in je hoofd zitten, bedankt Crimi Clowns!
In nederland draaide de film niet , toch ?
die is ni dood
Deze film is de beste film die ik ooit heb gezien, en eerlijk? Luk Wyns is een top acteur! Allemaal zelfs!
weet iemand wanneer de film in nederland draait ??

Het leven is zo mooi - Elsie Morais grtz
Ligt het aan mij of komen er ook veel stukken vanuit seizoen 1 terug in de film ?

gisteren in antwerpen gezien
ECHT SUPER VET!
alleen is makkelijk eerst seizoen 1 tekijken anders is het verwarrend

steve+sky, dagen zonder lief, Les Barons, laat staan vlaamse reeksen zoals van vlees en bloed, De ronde, of zelfs de schoenaerts in rust and bone, 1 en al passie man, zeveraar

Kijkt er dan niet naar "1995"SNOTAAP, en ga wat drugs doen ofzo
eerste liedje ?? a u b

of een bewuste keuze om trouw te blijven aan de serie?
Ale de lou seg

hoe heet die nummer op het eind zo vet   wel jammer onze lou dood is
Gisteren de dvd gekocht en nu al met de laatste aflevering bezig, wat een fantastische serie. Drama, humor, sex, geweld, romantiek en clowns ! Allemaal samengevoegd tot één perfect geheel, kan niet wachten tot de film uitkomt ! Alleen een bioscoop vol met, als clown verkleede fans, kan mij tegenhouden deze film te gaan zien !
Yes! Ga ik zeker gaan zien.
Kan godverdomme ni wachtte tot dat 't zovear is! Komaan manne en loat ons ni zo lang op eete kole zitte! (reactie op zijn Brasschaats, lol!)
Cinematografisch gesproken is er niet veel verschil met de tv serie... te weinig budget?
Can't Wait!!

Geniale reeks, absolute toptrailer. 'k kijk al uit naar de film!
kent iemand toevallig het eerste lied? Het sprak mij direct aan :D
Ja,zien!!!!!!
I love it!
Hoe heet het lied trouwens? En kan je het ergens vinden?
Jammer dat die Johnny de Mol meedoet met zijn fake Belgisch accent. Voor de rest lijkt het me een leuke film.
Hubba hubba, dat het maar rap 3 april is!
112860 161 6 0 40
https://www.facebook.com/CrimiClowns

www.crimiclowns.com
PT2M14S
hd
MovieID::::850
Hollyweird has glorified crime, murder, dope dealing & stealing.  Why not glorify junkie drug addicts as "victims" who need to find themselves & absolve them of all the stealing, lies, prostitution, & home wrecking they cause.  Poor junkies... we just need to sympathize with their "journey".  More garbage brainwashing BS from the lefty libtard pedophile crowd of Hollyweird.
I read this book in jail . now im finna go check out the actual filming to see what missed !
The song is by Beck-Turn Away
song at 0:36 ?? (:
Cut by the beauty of jagged mountains
Como se llama la cancion del trailer
I would rather smear dog shit in my eyes.
the journey of a 1000 miles begins with the first step... and a trailer.
"why does everything leave me?" lol.
She stopped at the grave marker of ms GREY on PCT.  she would wolf call in the wild like puppy love.  she is a blonde.  and a LONE WOLF?  hitler's took long walks in the forest with his german Shepherd dog and his favorite animal was the WOLF.  Why was hitler's dog name BLONDIE?   blondie walking as a long wolf on the PCT?   a GREY WOLF? a survivor? timber wolfs of OREGON...
Saw it a few weeks ago and absolutely loved it! Normally Im not a huge fan of Witherspoon, but she did a really great job and delivered the story perfectly. Of course it reminds us of into the wild, but why shouldn't this story be told? People do amazing stuff to overcome their fears and so did Cheryl - so go people and watch this film :)
Is it going to be her next Oscar after walk the line?
oooh great, another oscar bait movie.
I think this movie is trying to tell us something
OMG!!!!! HER CHIN
This trailer gave the story of the whole movie
A lot of this was filmed in our Beautiful State of Oregon! Reese Witherspoon is awesome in this film - as are the other actors. An amazing story. Gorgeous cinematography! Can hardly wait to see the whole film! #Oregon #oregonrealestate  #craterlakenationalpark   #ashlandoregon   #oregonrealestatewebsite www.move2oregon.com
Nothing touches Into The Wild... but this was pretty damn great and I'm just happy to see more stories told like this, no matter how similar. It's important. Our society is aching for release and sometimes the only escapism for me (and many) is witnessing these brave souls. The fear in us all keeps us from acting upon instinct as these beautiful creatures have broken free from the "false security" that binds us, the monotony, the cloistered sadness of four walls and media obsession which is just blinding and mind-numbing. Anyway I'll end my rant I'm just speaking into the void here, but maybe someone's listening and nodding to these words. Just to note, another film coming out called "Tracks" about a young woman who trekked across the Australian outback. Look forward to both. We need to watch a woman go "into the wild" this time...
Oscar buzz written all over this movie
633737 787 69 0 44
See Reese Witherspoon in Jean-Marc Vallée's WILD, in theaters December 5, 2014.

In WILD, director Jean-Marc Vallée (Dallas Buyers Club), Academy Award winner Reese Witherspoon (Walk the Line) and Academy Award nominated screenwriter Nick Hornby (An Education) bring bestselling author Cheryl Strayed's extraordinary adventure to the screen. After years of reckless behavior, a heroin addiction and the destruction of her marriage, Strayed makes a rash decision.  Haunted by memories of her mother Bobbi (Academy Award nominee Laura Dern) and with absolutely no experience, she sets out to hike more than a thousand miles on the Pacific Crest Trail all on her own.  WILD powerfully reveals her terrors and pleasures --as she forges ahead on a journey that maddens, strengthens, and ultimately heals her.

http://www.foxsearchlight.com/wild
http://www.facebook.com/wildmovie

Song:  "Turn Away" by Beck (Album:  Morning Phase)
Itunes Link:  https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/morning-phase/id797897966
PT2M10S
hd
MovieID::::851
Anyone know where to purchase this movie? Can't find anywhere to watch it online or bu the movie.

@HannahLindsay101 Did he have a big part?
Awesome!

Even better than Zardoz!!!
8317 21 4 0 4
A trailer for the Action International Pictures movie Rapid Fire (1989)

Starring Joe Spinell, Michael Wayne, Del Zamora, Douglas Harter and Gary Olsen.

Directed by David A. Prior

Plot: "A government agency hires a mercenary to track down and capture an escaped terrorist."
PT1M38S
sd
MovieID::::852
I met her mom and she was so sweet. I too have EB and I think it is awesome  that their is a movie about EB
What a film!!  What courage all around!!  Thanks for coming to Chicago to share!!
Hi Neyda!  Unfortunately the film is not for sale yet, but we are working on a distribution plan and should have updates soon.  If you follow us on twitter or facebook or visit our website:  butterflygirlmovie you can stay up to date on what is going on.  Also, I don't know if you know about DEBRA but they have great resources for people living with EB.
Where can I get this on DVD - I have a less severe form of this disease and have only met one other person in my life with it (a 3 year old boy).  I live in the Caribbean and there are no resources about it here!

Unfortunately, yes. The day before Christmas Eve.
She passed away?!?!? :(
Wish Abby would be here to see that she made it to SXSW 2014 with her story. We miss you Abbie but your story will be told for years to come and cure will be found for all the other people suffering, thanks to your courage of telling and sharing your story. RIP
46770 122 9 0 7
At first glance, it is not obvious that Abbie Evans lives with a life-threatening skin disease.  She is a typical teenager: moody, rebellious, irreverent, and is also strikingly beautiful. But her life is the antithesis of normal. Abbie grew up in hospitals, cared for by her protective mother.  She then came into her own in honky tonks, selling merchandise for her father's band. But just like any other 18 year-old, Abbie yearns for an identity of her own.  Butterfly Girl charts Abbie's journey towards a new understanding of how she must balance her past with her future, her parents with her independence, and her disease with her desires. But what price must she pay for that freedom?

Directed by: Cary Bell
PT2M17S
hd
MovieID::::853
It's not on the site anymore
I love this guy!
screw netflix
This is the best special ever
I read one page of Scientology..... Who wrote that Eisenstein?
Why the fuck this is not available in Middle east???? We pay the fucking the same.. and fuck people saying get an vpn.... If only bill burr will rant about this shit
I am getting Netflix for this, Dave Chapelle and F is for Family
I can't watch the new special. It sucks. This is the real BB
Netflix will you please make this available on South African one.
1:07 so epic
WE NEED MORE OF THIS NETFLIX!!! Please!
Just, please!
Cottage cheese what is it made of?!
Thanks Billy
Such a great trailer
Netflix: Lose the advisory warning
you suck u rude, but why can u please back up brah, my gosh. u funny but sometimes u gotta put a CAP on iit
ol'Billy red tits consistently churning out classic shit.This guy fucks,bros.

awesome special and cant wait for F is for Family.
Bill Burr is some funny shit! Too bad those MGTOW fucks like him too.
I'm a HUGE fan of comedy as you can tell. I'm a willing participant (you can't rape the willing but I hate lubing in icy hot afterwards) but more to due to the comedic pressures to keep up with guys like Bill.

Let me tell you, I haven't pissed my pants in the longest time throughout an entire performance watching a comic in many, many years. That's coming from Mr. Swag himself, Big Willie. Cheers Bill, I'll see ya in the circuit...
Bill took the fucking gloves off for this one.. Surprised and pleased like a mofo
he is the best
Watched it last night. My favorite of his specials. Fucking hysterical.
The greatest ab workout I've ever had. Goodbye gym membership.
Christmas came early this year \m/
Caught it on Netflix. Amazing, amazing show. The story about the guy hopping outta the chopper coulda been a special in itself. Cheers to that guy, and Bill!
I love watching him talk, not just hearing. Watching too. His expressions make it 10x funnier. I love his podcasts but I prefer to watch his videos any day. Easier to stay focused on what he's saying.
Thank fuck this is available in Germany. Gonna watch his special right now!
Please have a heart and don't pirate this, Bill Burr deserves to be paid well for doing what he is tremendously talented at. Just pay for netflix or have some patience and wait for it to come out on dvd.
Hey ppl if you get a chance and check me out. Im starting comedy and I need some feedback on my standup. check it out. Louis Lassiter Stand up. Thanks in advance.
I just watched the full show and it was the funniest piece of comedy i think I've ever seen. Holy fuck, that show awesome!
This is gonna be the greatest, BILL BURR IS A FUCKING GOD!
Billy boy got his special!
...admits loss and lack of love from father and mother.
Just like Rogan, he uses common sense logic except when it applies to religion: they both drop their logic and reasoning at the door and admit that its an emotional discrepancy
Bill Burr. "The Boss's Son is the Worst" when one despises Jesus Christ, I see someone hurting from a lack of his father's unconditional love. Burr's obvious fear of death, is evident in his insecurity.
When he compared losing his religion to curling, I was literally gasping for air.
I think you'd dig my mikefook website. I'm just saying, cuz I dig your shit. Thanks Fred / Ben for the intro.
Bill burr your still my favorite comedian ever, this special was great!! Love the guy
Just watched this, heard, "its bruHEWtly" i died.
Bill Burr is the next....
Billdo Baggins please come to Toronto, Canada!
any link for full stand up, help a guy out...i need to laugh???
Thank god that Netflix is finally available in Switzerland... or I'd have to find another way to get this. And I'd hate to not support Bill.
Ive already seen it three times. this guys better than ever
Cottage cheese, what is it made of!!! Lol
His delivery and voice is like Chris Rock, completely on point and hilarious. He is one of the greats.
Watching his specials after listening to his podcast is hilarious because you know that these are all his real, genuine opinions formulated in his bedroom while he sits in his underwear.
Honestly this is one of the greatest fucking specials ive ever seen!!!
The motherfucking King of comedy, Mr. Burr!!! No one comes close!
Does anyone know where I can download this as an MP4 file?
I'll buy it if I have too. Link please :)
I loved this special so much. I have to say it's probably my favorite. Bill never lets me down! I hope that I can see him preform one day, that would be one of the most awesome things yet! :) I hope he comes to NY!!
Fuck yes. Bill burr always telling it like it is haha fuckin love this guy!
ive followed bill burr for a while and love all of his work but this was his best special by far, i've already watched it 3 times
Am I the only one who thinks bill burr lost his edge after being married?
great special! go watch it!
I just saw this, and holy shit it's good. 10/10
'Mommy, why is that man yelling all the time?'
watched it yesterday. absolutely HILARIOUS
Anybody found a torrent for this yet????????????????
That whole bit about the son taking over the helicopter business had me dying. I swear I've never laughed so hard in my life. All of his specials are great, but this is definitely my favorite.
This was amazing!! its my favorite special from him
Dear Netflix, hurry up and become available to Australia so you can shut up and take my money!
somebody please upload this on youtube or on torrents! Netflix isn't available here! :(
5 STAR! That's what I gave it on Netflix! Was to funny!!!
This man speaks the truth.
YAS BETCH YAS
Hey! Eh? Heeey!
I wonder how long it will take for a bunch of whiny feminists to make a petition to get it removed from netflix.
Oh boy... the scientology retards are gonna lose their shit.
inb4 tom cruise lawsuit
saw this and this is all I can say, he has got the best mic to mouth distance control of any comic I have ever seen.
My favorite comedian alive. Yes, I fucking said that! George Carlin isn't around so I'm right!!
love me some bill burr. been waiting for this for a while!
I hope he's in better call saul
2 Gingers dominating the american stand up.
Funniest stand up comedian and if he keeps it up he'll go down in history as one of the all time greats no doubt
I. CAN'T. WAIT.
My favorite comedian! One more day!
hey ol billy burrnstien got a new special!!!!
Dude, I can't wait to watch this.  Might be the reason I finally cave and buy a Netflix subscription.  Love the podcast and love this dude's comedy, but the 15 month long tease for "F" is for Family is killing me.
damn it you netflix why you no my country..?
SO FUCKING STOKED
I can see why there aren't many stand-up special trailers.
Fucking Great Shit
LOVE Bill Burr! I listen to his podcast religiously! Can't wait till December 5th!
If you like bill you'll probably like my work as well. Check it out, please! Xoxoxox
OL' BILLY REDBALLS !!   DA MAN!!
FUKIN YES!!!!
A+ comments would read again
Louis C.K used to be my favorite comedian of all time and he's still fucking amazing but I gotta give it to my boy Billy Redface Burr.  This man is the funniest bastard I've ever heard in my life. I seen him live in Moncton N.B back in the spring and my face seriously hurt the next day from laughing so hard the night before.  Cannot wait to see this special!!!
ole billy bobsled on the comPUUTER
I know what I'm doing this weekend!  Love Bill Burr!  One of the funniest dudes around
Ole Billy freckle face crushing it in the one!!
Can't wait to see this! I wish I could see a comedy tour featuring Louie CK, Joe Rogan, Bill Burr, Dane Cook and Dave Chappelle.
Way too go ol' Billy Red Face!
Look at ole Billy Netflix over there! Can't wait for this shit!
Watching this on Netflix while wearing me undies and eating shaaaaaris baaaaarrys
203157 1353 41 0 198
Fresh, unflinching and devastatingly honest, Bill Burr lets loose in this feature length comedy special. Burr shares his essential tips for surviving the zombie apocalypse, exposes how rom-coms ruin great sex and explains how too many childhood hugs may be the ultimate downfall of man.  http://www.netflix.com

SUBSCRIBE: http://bit.ly/29qBUt7

About Netflix is a Joke: Netflix is the home of everything you crave about comedy. Why? Because Netflix is a joke.

Follow NETFLIX IS A JOKE:
Facebook: www.facebook.com/NetflixIsAJoke
Twitter: www.twitter.com/NetflixIsAJoke
Instagram: www.instagram.com/NetflixIsAJoke

About Netflix:
Netflix is the world's leading internet entertainment service with 130 million memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, documentaries and feature films across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can watch as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, on any internet-connected screen. Members can play, pause and resume watching, all without commercials or commitments.
Connect with Netflix Online:
Visit Netflix WEBSITE: http://nflx.it/29BcWb5
Like Netflix on FACEBOOK: http://bit.ly/29kkAtN
Follow Netflix on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/29gswqd
Follow Netflix on INSTAGRAM: http://bit.ly/29oO4UP
Follow Netflix on TUMBLR: http://bit.ly/29kkemT

Bill Burr: I'm Sorry You Feel That Way | Main Trailer [HD] | Netflix
https://www.youtube.com/user/NewOnNetflix
PT1M41S
hd
MovieID::::854
That will require a tetanus shot.
I had a memory from 50 years ago, while in the Chicago Public Schools in 1967:  The film, "Fiddle Dee Dee" was presented as a "movie way ahead of its time" in a general art class.  Well, in 1967, maybe it WAS ahead of its time, at least back then.  By chance, I happened to remember the name of the film and knew the sound track was of a violin playing 'Listen To The Mockingbird".

Fond memories.

Joe
On December 31, 1989 at 11:25 P.M., WFUM-TV in Flint, Michigan, a PBS station, aired "Fiddle-De-Dee" as a short subject before signing off the air for the last time in the 80's at 11:29 P.M. (a half-hour before the big ball dropped in New York City, signaling the start of the 90's). Somehow, this seemed like an appropriate way to end an out-of-control decade, don't you?

(In my case, the 80's seemed out-of-control in that my father - may he rest in peace - enjoyed carting my family and I around every 2 to 5 to 7 years, until 1985 when he developed cancer - sad - and then - even sadder - decided to move us all from our nice home in New Jersey to a shack out in the middle of nowhere in Michigan. Because of that, there was also the threat of not graduating from the university I attended in New Jersey and having to play the "transfer game" again, which was mercifully averted when I took out a student loan and I was therefore graduated from there in June 1986. Then there was the problem of getting my career started, etc., etc.

The bottom line? *Thank God it's all history now!*)
hermosooo <3
Which style of music is that?
lejos mi favorito <3

23988 165 2 0 8
The McLaren's film most inspired by Len Lye's 'A Colour Box'
Music: Eugène Desormaux, folk-fiddle.
PT3M23S
sd
MovieID::::855
Palme d’or à Cannes en 1955
The Birdman credits was like a modern retelling of this.
This is one film you cannot watch on a computer. You need a reasonably large screen (a big HDTV plasma, say) in a very dark room. This film plays with your eye and brain afterimage triggering. So you need nothing but darkness and these images reasonably large in your field of vision. Then it's quite astounding. Seeing this on YouTube isn't much..
Experimental film was never so much fun!
WHAT THE FUCK  IS GOING ON
the godfather of motion graphics today :)
Hypnagogique et phosphènes. Le merveilleux dans sa plus simple expression.
Thanks for uploading this!!!
Incredible. Thanks for uploading.
Thank you very much for this upload. Norman McLaren was one of the best Canadian directors and one of the best animators in the world.
34663 242 3 0 14
Film de Normand McLaren.

ONF 1955

Musique: Maurice Blackburn

Update: Le son est synchrone avec l'image
PT5M15S
sd
MovieID::::856
1211 6 0 0 0

PT46S
sd
MovieID::::857
I love Norman! He inspired me to create animations. I've even created a

youtube channel to follow my progress. I would love some support/

feedback so please hit subscribe and check it out.
What has not been mentioned here yet is that the synthesizer-sounding music in the intro was made by McLaren paintings dots of different sizes/shapes on the optical audio track on the edge of the film!
Is the Russian at the start written in...Comic Sans?!
One of animation's all time great early animation geniuses.  He set the bar for all those to come.
Nothing beats hand drawn animation
WTF is this what a bag of wank
This is so erotic!
Conocido por sus brillantes experimentos con la imagen y el sonido, Norman Mclaren es, por méritos propios, uno de los directores más originales en la historia de la animación. Realizada sin el uso de cámara, Boogie Doodle es una muestra más de su particular hoja de estilo: un corto, con la música de Albert Ammons, que une el cine experimental y de vanguardia con la tradición ilusionista de los espectáculos de animación cinematográfica.
Brilliant piece of work Top marks
It's all about sex.
I am doing a sound and vision unit for my degree in Visual Communication. I started looking into the history of animation and came across McLaren! I am absolutely fascinated with his work. I think it's amazing and so ahead of its time. I would call these pieces of art rather than animation. Absolutely inspirational!
this is what animation should be like
I love how playful this is. Little kids would love this, too I bet!
Genius. This says everything
@MarksFlicks just tell them it wouldn't exist if it wasn't for this guy....
awesome...some of the first ever anime...& to think we're two clicks away from interactive 3-D T.V. now'a days....
awsome...some of the first ever anime...& to think we're two clicks away from interactive 3-D T.V. now'a days....
@MarksFlicks well, the itunes visualiser kicks ass!!! then, u just have to get a lil bit used to another type of aesthetics to enjoy stuff like this McLaren film...
very good, this artist is a big creator, because in your time, makes a real miracle!
Pretty hot stuff in the early 50s!
Tambien lo vi en Locomotion
Haha! Really?

And how they react to this?
that was deep
Wow. 1948! Amazing.
It's brilliant when you think that every frame is hand-drawn and synchcronises perfectly with the music.  Plus it's entertaining. I like it but not my favourite, I like Vertical Lines a lot. :-)
Like my animation teacher said with an extremely sarcastic voice: «EVERYBODY LOVES NORMAN MCLAREN!»
absolutely insane!!it blows my mind!!

xxx
S.Doom
Playful, lively, brilliant.
hehehe why brilliant??? was that sarcasm??? :S
So many people complaining about this animation, and not in very good ways either.  The most I hear is "DIS IZ DER BORENG!" which is a terrible way of expressing your dislike for something.  Personally, I think this is pretty amazing and entertained me the whole way through.  But if you have a reason why you think this isn't good then by all means, express it in a way that sounds more intelligent than a third grader.  Otherwise you'll just look like an idiot.
eggmanrobotmik, so sad for you!

but is fine if your are 13 years old,

mclaren is an pioner and you are an weird!

AMAZING!
The film is 3 minutes and 18 seconds long.
That's 198 seconds.
Film projections play back at 24 frames per second.
That means he animated about 4,752 individual frames, each one in synch with the music.
the only thing that makes this "special" is that it was done on 35mm film, but that's not enough to make it interesting. the repetative movements and jarring flashes get real boring rel quick.
I had to watch it at college... painfully boring >>

MCLAREN HAD REALLY NOTHING TO DO TO SPEND YEARS TO DRAW ON THESE 35MM FILMS! AND HE WAS PAID!!!



Though, the Atari like sounds make me nostalgic
Amazing film, thanks for sharing!
252704 1345 25 0 48
An animation film, made without the use of a camera, in which "boogie" played by Albert Ammons and "doodle" drawn by Norman McLaren combine to make a rhythmic, brightly colored film experiment. The main title is in eight languages.
PT3M19S
sd
MovieID::::858
Claude Jutra: Canada's Brian Singer.
The same joke in 10 minutes, again and again... Maybe interesting 60 years ago.
this is unbelievable
é   muito   engraçado   esse   norman   mclaren   de   1957
Uno de los primeros programas que emitió Canal 13 de Chile en su historia. Un 21 de Agosto de 1959.
um cla´ssico da animação
Primera vez que lo ví, en LOCOTOMIA!
Ravi Shankar's music is awesome,full of life and energy.
The quality is incredible for a movie made over 55 years ago.
Of course, the video's description conveniently leaves out Claude Jutra. Compare with the credits at 0:30.
Ultimate game of hard to get. Wants to sit, chair won't allow it. Man gives up chair wants him. It's like a man and woman relationship
i'm not sure this is deserving of all of the praise it's getting. sure, it's a little visually interesting, but it's certainly not "absolutely brilliant," or "one of the greatest achievements in all of film." if these are sincere opinions, then i am not sure you are aware of the possibilities of film or animation.
It's a chair. I'm not interested in a short about a goddamn chair!!! Ooo, he couldn't sit in it, but then he could! Pure genius! And also, ew, how camp!
I remember this from seeing it in the 60s! I've been wishing for years I could see it again. Thanks SO much for putting it up!

Est-ce que je suis vraiment en train de regarder ça??? W.T.F?????
The percussion are incredible!
Man, the tabla is the perfect score-instrument....

Listen while watching to the chase-scene in this
ALL U NEED IS LOVE <3
This joke is probably dishonoring the great Norman McLaren...but I've got to say, it's still a better love story than Twilight.
Barack Obama is sitting in that chair. That's why Paul Ryan can't sit down in it!
I saw this in 1970 at the East Town Theater in Detroit. It was included in the "Light Show" they presented before the ACTS!  BELIEVE IT OR NOT I STILL REMEMBER IT!  THE BAND WAS THE SMALL FACES. ROD STEWART WAS IN THE BAND BUT THEY WERE BILLED AS JUST THE S.F.'S.  THE GOOD OLD DAYS....
one of the greatest acheivements in all of film.

and i commend the fact that despite the film featuring a guy dressed like this wrestling a chair in a very gay way, directed by a closeted gay dude, no one in a Youtube Comment section has ever called it gay.

There is hope for us yet!
music is great
Amazing...I saw this over thirty years ago and wasn't old then.  It is still absolutely fresh.
Ever since I saw this 40+ years ago I've always dusted off wherever I'm going to sit down. So far, the object of my sitting has yet to attempt to elude me . . .
The wild canadian chair is one of natures most intriguing animals. This wooden predator can reach speeds of up to 125 km/h. It mostly feeds on people's ass.

Nerver seen before, very nice.
this is one of the most beautiful things ive ever seen. i actually almost cried at the end.
mclaren was a master
Great!, I just loved it. Amazing consideration the time it was made.
118291 1065 16 0 37
Norman McLaren



Music by Ravi Shankar (Sitar) and Chantur Lal (Tabla)
PT9M55S
sd
MovieID::::859
April 1, 2015

"Le merle noir (The Blackbird) (1959)"
by Olivier Messiaen (1908-1992)

Roberta Michel, flute
Mirna Lekic, piano

Website: http://www.qcc.cuny.edu/music/
PT8M15S
hd
MovieID::::860
That soundtrack triggered my cats. It's a lot like the odd purring they do when they get hyperactive! Also that bubble scene looks like CG stuff that would be made in the 80s.
McLaren you old pothead
It appears to me a love story...
pSICODELIA pURA

yves tanguy inspired
this is amazing....what a wonderful world!
@BabblingCosmonaut you realise this is a very old film and was revolutionary in the 1950's when it was made....
I do understand nothing. Can some one explain please?

Amazing and wonderful. Thanks!
@beautifulstuff It's so weird to even associate the word 'charming' with Dali. Plus, this is nothing like Dali.
I wonder if norman mclaren was a dancer.
Folks, lovely old works like this are leaping forward in time to caution us we live in a world where banality and genericism rule the earth. In the future, the recent turn of the century will be seen as the dark-ages for creativity. A billion thumbs up from me.
a surrealist masterpiece! stunning, I just wish I had seen it down at the NFB building when I lived in TO.
People don't know, but this movie was made in estereoscopic 3D
Salvador Dali was NEVER as charming as this.
Amazing! Kind of reminded me of Salvador Dali
c'est très joli. On sent l'influence de Salvador Dali
i can heard just like that!!!
loquissimo não dá pra saber se você viu ou não
73721 343 3 0 23
1952
PT7M34S
sd
MovieID::::861
barnetts zips are alive! haha. Love it!
So beautiful, so glorious, I play tis all the time.
Lines? Did this arrogant excuse for an "artiste" actually believe he could map out my immortal soul with fucking lines!? PATHETIC!!!!
McLaren = genius
maravillhoso. 10x.
Mashallah it beautiful in deed may Allah Gude you and me to the straight line Ameen
This is the most entrancing filmic experience  I've had since the psychedelic ending of 2001: A Space Odyssey.
McLaren's abstract animation is unleashed imagination. It is incredible how he makes these images so captivating, when they have such potential to become boring.
listening to chill jazz music while watching this is the best.
Oh yes, so it can be the same like everything else. Whatever...

This is a brilliant combination of visuals and music. It's pure genious.
incredible visuals and perfect / amazing music.
Great visuals - horrid music. This cries for some contemporary[+-] experimental minimalist whathave you stuff like brainticket, throbbing gristle or kraftwerk.
holy crap it's the world's first rasterdemo
That was a glorious experience.  I loved it!
yay scotland more like
To Consider:
Are the lines passing by each other, bouncing off each other, or creating rotating, 3-dimensional shapes?
had some sweet moments. the ending is awesome, it just takes too long to get to it
that's a sweet comment.
68917 286 7 0 20
Film expérimental de Norman McLaren et Evelyn Lambart.

ONF 1962

Musique: Pete Seeger

Il s'agit d'une rotation de 90° du film Lignes verticales, avec de nouvelles couleurs et une musique différent
PT5M54S
sd
MovieID::::862
This animation looks almost like an optical diffraction pattern.
Maybe it was out of sync earlier, but if so it has been fixed. This is fantastic and everything is on point.
amazing. everything is perfectly in sync.
all the work of this guy(mclaren) was all about calculating time tempi and rates...
black paul, please remove this, accelerating it is like mmmh putting mayonnaise in a negroni
26503 136 4 0 4
Norman McLaren, CC, CQ (11 April 1914 -- 27 January 1987) was a Scottish-born Canadian animator  and film director known for his work for the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).



Films with Music

Love on the Wing (General Post Office film unit 1938). Ibert Divertissement



Allegro (Guggenheim Museum 1939). Synthetic sound



Rumba (ibid 1939). Synthetic sound



Stars and Stripes (ibid 1939). March tune



Dots (ibid 1940). Synthetic sound



Loops (ibid 1940). Synthetic sound



Boogie-Doodle (ibid 1940). Albert Ammons plays boogie.



Spook Sport (1940). Interpretation of Saint-Saëns' Danse macabre



Mail Early(NFB 1941). Benny Goodman's 'Jingle Bells'



V for Victory (NFB 1941). Sousa march



Five for Four (NFB 1942). Ammons plays 'Pinetop Boogie.'



Hen Hop (NFB 1942). Barn dance music



Dollar Dance (NFB 1943). Music by Applebaum; lyrics by Guy Glover and McLaren



Alouette (NFB 1944). N. 1 of the Let's All Sing Together sing-along series



C'est l'aviron (NFB 1944). Part of the Chants Populaires series; also on video compilation The Genius of Norman McLaren



Là-haut sur ces montagnes (NFB 1946). The singing of the folksong from which the film takes its title. Part of the Chants populaires series



A Little Phantasy on a 19th-Century Painting (NFB 1946). Synthetic sound



Hoppity Pop (NFB 1946). Barrel organ music



Fiddle-De-Dee (NFB 1947). Fiddler plays 'Listen to the Mocking Bird.'



La Poulette Grise (NFB 1947). Anna Malenfant sings the folksong.



Begone Dull Care (NFB 1949). Oscar Peterson Trio plays jazz; also on video compilation The Genius of Norman McLaren



Pen Point Percussion (NFB 1950). Synthetic sound.



Around Is Around (NFB 1951). Music by Louis Applebaum



Now Is the Time (NFB 1951). Synthetic sound



Neighbours (NFB 1952). Synthetic sound



A Phantasy (NFB 1952). Maurice Blackburn's music for saxophone and synthetic sound; also on video compilation The Genius of Norman McLaren



Two Bagatelles (NFB 1952). Synthetic sound



Blinkity Blank (NFB 1955). Synthetic sound and music of Blackburn



Rythmetic (NFB 1956). Synthetic sound



A Chairy Tale (NFB 1957). Music performed by Ravi Shankar and Chatur Lal; also on video compilation The Genius of Norman McLaren



Le Merle (NFB 1958). Trio lyrique sings the folksong 'Mon merle.'



Mail Early for Christmas (NFB 1959). Music by Eldon Rathburn



Serenal (NFB 1959). Grand Curacaya Orchestra of Trinidad



Short and Suite (NFB 1959). Eldon Rathburn's music for jazz ensemble



Lines Vertical (NFB 1960). Blackburn plays electronic piano.



Lines Horizontal (NFB 1962). Pete Seeger plays winds and strings.



Canon (NFB 1964). How a musical canon is constructed, using music by Rathburn.



Mosaic (NFB 1965). Synthetic sound



Pas de Deux (NFB 1967). Panpipes; also on video compilation The Genius of Norman McLaren



Spheres (NFB 1969). Gould plays Bach Fugue 24 and Prelude 20 (Book I) and Fugue 14 (Book II) from The Well-tempered Clavier.



Synchromy (NFB 1971). Synthetic sound



Ballet Adagio (NFB 1972). Albinoni Adagio; also on video compilation The Genius of Norman McLaren



Narcissus (NFB 1983). Balletic interpretation of the Greek myth. Music by Maurice Blackburn



Also Animated Motion (NFB 1976-8), a series of five study of films prepared by McLaren on animation techniques
PT5M28S
sd
MovieID::::863
Wonderfully difficult, beautiful to see.
Watch my animation - Koan
This is just what I needed for my art class! Thanks so much for posting!
@hmengland41 @David Lloyd Glover You're both mistaken actually, Oscar Peterson was born to the King of Canada which brought him in contact with recording artists from a very young age. There are recordings of him playing as young as 8 in the royal archives! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oscar_Peterson
anyone else sees where it says slut at the end?
To David Lloyd Glover.  Not even close to Peterson's first recordings.  He was on RCA Victor 78s in Canada as early as April 30, 1945, and there are radio airchecks of his work in 1944.  And in that same year Count Basie had already lauded Peterson in the music magazine Down Beat.  By the time this film was made, Peterson was jazz star in Montreal and Canada, and soon to become world famous.
Begone, dull twat lover of pretentious meaningless shite who calls me names I don't quite understand!
You're a fucking philistine.

No, I have not made any artsy films of my own, but that's not really relevent is it? This is just awful. Yot wanna see what a real artistic short looks like check out my animation playlist.
cool, can you send me a link to your own work which you think is better than this? thanks.
This is fucking stupid. What, I'm supposed to be blown away by a bunch of squiggly lines and random crap flying at me that's accompanied by a jazzy score? Pff, this asshole's "work" is so overatted it's almost funny...
This is the first recording ever of a young Oscar Peterson.  Guy Glover and Norman McLaren discovered this musician playing in a bar in Ottawa and recruited him for the film.  Norman McLaren composed the music piece and produced the session.
wow, this is a great piece!  maybe you should mention "Oscar Peterson Trio" in the title so music lovers as well as art lovers will be able to stumble upon this.
if you attend an animation program at college every single new professor you have will show this film
anyone know the name of the Oscar Peterson song? or was it composed specifically for the animation?
I simply love McLaren's animations.... they're so poetic!!
gorgeous synchronized mish-mash. Propably McLaren's greatest work
There's a HQ button dumb.
Haw far did you get, It's great after the credits :)
I've been looking for this for...for ever and ever and ever, let's just say that. :) Thank you so much for sharing -- Norman McLaren is truly my hero!!
this movie rocks
75793 559 5 0 26

PT7M48S
sd
MovieID::::864
C'est à chier
please fix audio sync issues
Wow - Norman McLaren predicted both the sound and the image of the blue screen of death.
A little dated but still wonderful.
chiptunes before chiptunes!
Sounds like a Portal song...
For this film, he did not paint on the soundtrack but took photographs of pre-designed cardboards (black and white lines), each corresponding a musical note, and printed them on the soundtrack AND on the image track, on which color was added afterwards. What you hear is what you see...
)))*!*((( > *!*
this is One of my all time favorite animations.
Norman, made this movie with a special pen, in a movie tape :) Not on Pc, manualy :b
The music is supposed to begin over the credits - they apparently cut it out.
im trippin balls right now. still not feelin it
McLaren was a key inspiration to me when i was 15 years old. thatks to him, my Cinema teacher and the local public library.
I have DVDs about Norman McLaren and it was in it... that's hot lol
It's not as easy as it looks, the music was painted/scratched directly over the soundtrack of the film and then optical and chemicaly threated to obtain this.
McLaren used to do that kind of stuff because at the begining he hadn't money for a film camera and less to pay the music.
Artists like him, made Canada today world's best place for experimental animation, or so they say.
Masterpiece!
80426 365 6 0 19
Synchromy. Film directed by Norman McLaren in 1971.

French title: Synchromie. Original music: Norman McLaren. Visual effects: Ron Moore. Sound departament: Roger Lamoureux.
PT7M29S
sd
MovieID::::865
Just saw it today, there were many things I didn’t like about it.
Don't know why I'm having such a hard time finding this movie on line .
Garcelle should give Vivica some lessons on how to be sexy WITHOUT the pumped up face and clothes 2 sizes too small.
This was pretty good
looks great,where can i watch it?
This is a very good movie!
I saw different tho they made it our melanated men was either needy and freaks very stereotypical anywho the woman ran to the "Perfect White Guy" at the end also it was an time hell it's still happening now that our melanated sisters had to nurture and take care of their slave masters babies this movie sucked it portrays the same stereotypical drama break up the black family syndrome.
Damn these trailers that show you everything!
does anybody knows the song where it was saying "you were leaving"
pretty good movie on Netflix
This is a good movie.
It's on Netflix y'all lol pretty good. It's full of drama. Me and my husband were like DAMN throughout the whole movie lol
Jim Iyke looooooooooooooooooooooooooooool am weak
This film was like drinking fresh ice cold water, after a long hot day. It made me want snuggle up with a nice creamy hot cocoa. I love how the protagonist goes through a change and the way in which she is able to have a sense of humility. I love the diversity and I really love that this narrative was different. You didnt have typical female rescued from a man. The protagonist actually saved herself and I loved that. I appreciate this movie so much.
Fugitive knight jnibfinljSally it's not what you want my Latino night
is this movie out?can any one knows where i can watch it?
This movie was alright, a lot of twist and stuff but alright except the ending was cheesy as fuck..
Loved the movie!
Realistic situations and grown up approaches in dealing with each of them
Thoughtful writing, realistic dialogue
This movie was okay, but I think the ending was sad and what's even more sad is I'm probably the only one that thinks the ending was sad.  It's sad because the lady couldn't stand on her own two feet without a man.  Then when her man left her she had to have another man who was someone else's man lol  A married man.  Then when that man turned out to be a freak she was on to the next man who was her next door neighbor.  I know people think it's a happy ending because she found another man who seemed to be good, but I saw the ending as weak.  Why couldn't she be alone?  Why can't a woman be by themselves and be okay with themselves?  Always gotta have a man to be alright?  That's the message this movie and society sends to people in general.  One thing I know is that if you can't be by yourself and be happy you're gonna have a hard time in life.
where can i watch this bitch?
This movie looks so depressing
If Brian White and Greg Vaughn showed up at my door Leon could leave me any time :-D
How many times are they gonna make this movie?
looks like a decent movie
I loved this movie!
I can tbeleive i saw Nigerian actor, Jim Ike in here, waouw that evolution,,cant wait to see this.
DVD out yet?
This is gonna be good. I gotta go see this.
im happy to see jim ike who is a nigerian actor in this film, way to go!
I could use me some Lynn Whitfield about now!!!
i want the full movie
i think this is based on her story?!
Brilliant!!!!

Looks awesome !!
197877 579 36 0 67
Natalie resorts to picking up the pieces of her life after her husband leaves her for the family he has outside. she falls in love with Darrell, but he has secrets of his own.
PT1M51S
hd
MovieID::::866
Where can I watch this?!
hipster trash
"If this goes on," she said one day, "I shall go mad."

Kleist sat beside her on the sofa, deep in thought, strumming a guitar.

"You're right," he said, "That's the best thing you can do. And if you ever recover your reason, I'll take a pistol and shoot us both dead. Why shouldn't I do you the favor?"

...Caroline was terrified. Instantly cured of her melancholy, she shuddered at the abysmal gloom of this man who had made an inseparable companion of death. From that day on, she felt that Kleist was "a strange being," whom she would never understand.

Kleist, A Biography
by Joachim Maas
Exquisite!A "Biedermeier" masterpiece...
24565 36 4 0 5
Directed by Jessica Hausner

"A dryly amusing and ambiguously layered account of the famed double suicide of Heinrich von Kleist and Henriette Vogel." -- Variety

After being rebuffed by several women, German author Heinrich von Kleist puts his offer of a suicide love pact to the wife of a business friend. Perhaps it is her crushingly boring life or Kleist's persistence, but the peculiar idea takes a hold.

Jessica Hausner's (Lourdes, MIFF 2010) complex and beautifully filmed feature views the romantic ideal of a lovers' suicide sceptically by focusing on the reality of what that means. In turn creepy, awkwardly droll and tragic, this 'rom-com', which is loosely based on Kleist's 1811 suicide pact, slowly turns the dramatic screws through to its exquisitely staged ending.

Set in the rarefied world of 19th-century Berlin aristocracy (in arms over a new tax levy. Imagine!), Amour Fou is a distinctly original period drama.

"A delightful comedy of errors and acidic analysis of love's remarkable talent for idiocy." -- Indiewire
PT1M33S
hd
MovieID::::867
this is good for a laugh - and compare Catalina then and now with Google street view
2321 11 1 0 1

PT1M16S
sd
MovieID::::868
hilarious movie and the dub, well classic!!
Giraldi's look was very influenced by Serpico's.
8137 18 2 0 2
Bruno Corbucci film in which Nico Giraldi (Tomas Milian), an undercover cop in the Anti-Theft Squad, believes that the real problem is those who receive the stolen goods because without these 'receivers' this type of crime wouldn't exist.



The Baron (Guido Mannari) and his 2 accomplices rob someone of their briefcase and are surprised to find $5 Million in it. They believe it's dirty money so they hide it, but soon the Baron's 2 accomplices are murdered.



Giraldi brings in the Baron for questioning, but then lets him go free in order to trap the American (Jack Palance) who may be the Big Boss, but who may also have ties in higher places than Giraldi can go.
PT3M27S
sd
MovieID::::869
Why "Italy 1963?"
Vorrei che ci sarebbe stato un blu ray
5086 38 2 0 3
Franco Micalizzi - Seq.03 - Delitto A Porta Romana aka Crime At Porta Romana OST - Italy 1980
PT4M17S
hd
MovieID::::870
wtf I was casually watching youtube and idk how i got here lol
Thanks ! I didn't know where I was supposed to put the URN.
You forgot about the master key. On higher levels, there are locked doors, you need the key to get through. That's why your progress was getting blocked.
This helped with my game theory essay, thank you for the upload
Lol....this is the first game I've ever owned.....I didn't even know how to play it. I was like 4 or 5 years old.
4626 24 2 0 7
The Spooky Gamecuts continue for Halloween 2011 with Haunted House from 1982. This was an Atari game and it maye be hard to believe because the game only consists of blocks, but this game used to freak me out when I was little. It's the perfect example of a scary retro game and is actually one of the first survival horror games! Eat your heart out Resident Evil!
PT12M11S
sd
MovieID::::871
Year: 1984
Genre: COMEDY
Actor: TOMAS MILIAN
Director: BRUNO CORBUCCI
Production: MEDUSA DISTR. GLOBE FILMS S.R.L.
Available versions: ITALIAN ENGLISH SPANISH GERMAN
PT3M47S
sd
MovieID::::872
Does anyone know who narrated this trailer?
I was 9 years old like 1999
Dog Where
Hey No Fair What's The Matter Chicken
Shaggy Catfish
Cat Food Yuck
Taken From Total Drama Island: In The Model 2008 DVD
(0:12) Dog? Where?
The Emperor's New Groove By Danny Elfman
Teaser For Scooby-Doo And The Witch's Ghost (1999) Captured From Beetlejuice (1988) VHS Tape
Witchcraft, Ghosts, Talking Dogs.
Can you post the trailer for "Mucha Lucha: Heart of Lucha"?
50309 67 2 0 13
Teaser for Scooby Doo and the Witch's Ghost (1999) captured from the Gremlins (1984) VHS tape.
PT27S
sd
MovieID::::873
Here for Seema rehmani our parsai
Rip manish acharya
Lovely movie
u guyz r ultra coool...i jz love d comedy...!

@samemeht you know what, your probaly just a hindu whos jealous that the sikhs are much superior than hindus and have saved the hindus from death many times. the thing is that hindus are to weak to return the favor.
its  not real punjabi lion  show    fucker make   fake  movie
WTF are these non-Punjabi doing in this video?  Besides, "Lion of Punjab" is a miliant thing.  Why are these people mocking it?  Do they have a death wish?  They're lucky there isn't a large Punjabi community in USA.  Just imagine if this movie took place in Canada or UK?
@jattboypunjabi where r these real punjabi's I think hey are always the opportunist and live in their world. and bcoz they keep covered ..................... so the bra........... never works
49773 41 4 0 9
"Loins Of Punjab Presents," the award-winning, sing-out-proud, laugh-out-loud comedy of the year, arrives in the US on September 12. The highest-grossing, English-language comedy ever to open in India, "Loins" is a witty pleasure, sending up the kitsch shared by both Bollywood and American Idol, where celebrity dreams can be just one catchy performance away. Starring Shabana Azmi (Fire, Arth, City of Joy), 5-time winner of National Award for Best Actress in India; Ajay Naidu (Office Space, Suburbia, Bad Santa); and Ayesha Dharkar (Bombay Dreams, Star Wars Episode II, The Terrorist), this is the movie that Mira Nair called 'utter fun," and CNN-IBN hailed as a "Barrel of fun. Don't miss it." For more information, visit www.loinsofpunjab.com
PT2M30S
sd
MovieID::::874
3059 27 0 0 0
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 0-6: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::875
This is such a awesome movie!!
Is it getting a full on North American release any time soon? I've been eagerly awaiting its release since in North America since February.
Rumah Dara was really GOOD :)
This looks promising.
This looks good
Wow! Japanese and Indonesian colaboration.
Cant wait fot this one
33303 125 2 0 7
PART OF JAPAN CUTS 2014

http://www.japansociety.org/page/programs/film/japan-cuts-2014

Killers

http://www.japansociety.org/event/killers

Saturday, July 19 at 11 PM

"One of the most interesting, disturbing, and provocative takes on the world of the serial killer ever made." --Twitch

Kazuki Kitamura's tour de force performance as an eerily handsome and decadently deranged serial killer centers this remarkable Indonesian-Japanese co-production. By turns funny and assaultive, "Killers" is one of the most disturbing and rewarding viewing experiences in years.

Indonesia/Japan. 2014. 137 min. Blu-ray, in English, Indonesian and Japanese with English subtitles. Directed by The Mo Brothers (Kimo Stamboel and Timo Tjahjanto). With Kazuki Kitamura, Oka Antara, Rin Takanashi, Luna Maya, Ray Sahetapy, Mei Kurokawa, Denden.
PT2M29S
hd
MovieID::::876
Interesting. Definitely needs to be re-viewed and thought about. Thanks for posting!
badly acted, filmed, scripted, and directed - very poor
A wonderful, disturbing, intelligent film. It's a shame it had to be posted by such a shamelessly unoriginal, racist account - but then, that's 2019.
“Somewhere there the land is hollow”
“We’re not people anymore with eyes to see. We’re blind, gaping holes”
I read about Penda’s Fen in The Dark Side magazine and knew I wouldn’t get to see it unless someone had it up on YouTube due to its age etc. so thank you!
The man in the intro with the yellow t-shirt..."I'll be on a television program. What should I wear?"
"Have you got anything tight and banana coloured?"
"Why, yes. Yes, I do."
http://thequietus.com/articles/22550-pendas-fen-article
Thanks for uploading this. I believe that I sort of understood it ,but at the same time am not really sure if I got all of it.
30:34 you're welcome.
I watched this in 1974 and thought it was rubbish, boring, and slow moving.   Watching it again, my opinion has not changed.  It is boring and so slow moving as to be almost intolerable.  And I know a lot about Penda......  For an Indian growing up in the UK, during the most racist period for people of color in the UK, it was, and remains, deeply irrelevant.
this is next level.
Amazing film. Best stumbled upon ever.
The Rector is a thorough heretic and dissembling scoundrel!
Brief synopsis: stuckup tory twink has wet dreams about the chavvy milkman. BBC had plenty of bad acid left over from the I, Claudius orgies.
non of you basement dwellers  caught on the main character is gay? Literally rhe whole movie is about him coming out as gay
REVOLT FROM THE MONOLITH
COME BACK TO THE VILLAGE
Romans needed no monotheism in order to suppress your religious and culture. But I suspect that this goes against your :narrative:...
An absolutely sublime piece of film-making.
Not sure what to make of it. Any insight?
24046 365 6 0 53
A deeply revealing cultural gem from the holy-land of the Celtic and Saxon peoples of middle England.

Pay close attention, and you'll soon see the reasons why this film has been suppressed for so long by our (((Judaeo-Christian))) overlords.
PT1H30M22S
sd
MovieID::::877
Eu quero a segunda temporada na mi já mesa agora
Lavando cerebros humanos
Mais um filme da NASA
I did not like all the unnecessary fighting in the show. Why are all shows ruined by this.
So they cancelled a worthvile show .
Started watching it on Netflix and was expecting a science fiction story, yet had the strange feeling it just wasn't. After season one's second episode of revealed that the starship had never taken off at all, I knew why this did not seem like science fiction to me: It is a crime story with some conspiracy elements happening in the 60s. The setting could as well be some village on the outskirts of Iowa, where all the citicens are incestuously related to each other. After all, I felt mislead and stopped watching it after the second episode.
Wish they would make a series out of this.
Anyone knows how I can get de soundtrack!? The final scene of episode 6, with Christa, has an excellent music, anyone knows the name!? Thank you!
Fallout 76 in (Space)^^ thx ^^
Same old Human Behavior that makes for a very predictable series. (The antics have been done before in other sci/fi shows) ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  Something New Please!!!
Same old Human Behavior that makes for a very predictable series. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  Something New Please!!!
i just finished binge watching this show on netflix,  it is really well done for its premise.   i cant believe i havent heard of this show before!  a real shame that it is cancelled...  most of the shows i really like i discover long after they are discontinued  ( my fav.  being Better Off Ted )
6 episodes are not enough
The series was going fine until they started with the super natural plot. Bloody awful know wonder it was cancelled.
Lot of whoring on it part from that it good enough show not the best to many filthy whores all women stink down their.
Except you find out it a fake spaceship in a bunker inderground and the inhabitants think they are in space.
muy buena,lastima no continuo
Please, give us a Season 2!!
Or just as many as the budget can tolerate
That twist tho
50 Years ago, there was no color TV. They only had low resolution mono-chrome monitors. This show does not make any sense. People in the ship are smart enough to invent all sorts of gadgets. Yet, they have not noticed that they are trapped in a ship that is not flying in space? Come on. The overall plot of this TV series is an utter non-sense.
Vary good Show
A great show, but i wished it they were actually in space.
good mix of racial diversity in here
what is the music starting at 0:25?
Adam Jensen?? :D
It's actually not bad. Only reason I'm watching it is because of Brian van Holt. He's awesome. I just hate that it's not continuing.
es buenisima por favor hagan mas capitulos reconsideren su postura un fans desde chile
I´ve just watched all 6 chapters and loved it. This series has so many interesting plots and good ideas. I don´t understand why they canceled it. So many subjetcs and potencial to be explored.
so glad si-fi dropped this shit and got us the expanse instead
Cheers for number 6!
this is from 2014?? I thought it was new! I watched it on netflix and I cant believe it only has one season and has been cancelled, I wish there was a season 2!
Excellent plot - well executed. A shame it got cancelled, but absolutely worth a watch anyway.
there is the biggest plot twist ever
too many truths in these 3 parts so no way we`d get more...
damn i taught it was like the Divinity comic :/
best sci fi concept of the dacade. such a waste of potential to cancel...
The only thing I didn't like about the show was all the nudity. There was a sex scene not even 15 minutes into the first episode! Even with that, I really liked the show. I put off watching it for a while because I thought I would hate it. I found out it was cancelled in the comments. I thought it had potential, just like Newsroom still had potential.
Six/EDE, is that you.....
This is amazing, I would've loved to see more of this.
this is actually a good show. wonderful premise and great setup. another season please
This would be a killer series, really sad that they didn't go in to production
The first show I've ever binge watched in my life. great storyline. kept me intrigued especially after the huge plot twist at the end of episode 2. God I wish the show got picked up for another season.
So bad, Charlie Hebdo is still worse...
spoilers in commets
I hated the new Battlestar Galactica. It was so immoral and twisted and the woman was there. I couldn't watch it.
In my opinion is boring because it is not a ship, is just a sociological experiment. So if you want to watch some space shit don't waste your time and if I spoiled you blame yourself for reading comments :)
You know, it is your right to be angry at a show, but not to spoil it.  Out of Game of Thrones spoilers, is that it?  I'm glad I watched it before reading these comments.
i though this mini series was gr8, Got off to a slow start, but picks up at the end. underated mini series
ascension is brick building
We want more episodes!!!
Just finished Ascension on Netflix... Very few shows have had me watching the whole series back to back.  Not even great shows like "House of Cards."

For me, I just LOVED this series.  I expected sci-fi.  What I got was a total jumble of conspiracy, thriller, campy soap-opera sex drama, with some sci-fi making its way back in as the series progressed.  I don't agree with the "bad acting" comments at all. I thought the acting was great!  It ranged from campy (a la the original Star Trek) to downright great with the conspiracy/thriller stuff.  The writing was just excellent as the twists and turns, for me, were very unpredictable and totally original.

By the final episode, it was a glorious mashup of all the various genres with some great... and I mean GREAT sci-fi cliffhangers!  No new season?  I hope that it finds a new life somewhere and soon because by the time it was done I was 110% hooked!

Glad I didn't read the comments here first.  Too many spoilers in the comments! Unbelievable some would do that whether they like the show or not.
god dammit. cancelled with so many cliffhangers.
boring show, Ascension is not a ship, it is a sociological experiment, what a bunch of crap.
So Caprica 6 has boarded the Ascension to destroy humanity once again. The Cylons are back.
This is a great show
Wow, the U. S. always love to be the center of attention, even after losing the space race they continue this bullshit of only them are capable of conquering space, the idea is very good, but the execution is bullshit.
Bogus storyline. Cmon SyFy is this the best you could do? SMH, just another bullshit show.
This movie is not what is seems to be. Watch it if you like Dystopias.
SOME GUY: There are Vipers among us.
CAPRICA SIX: You say the sweetest things.
EXT. STARBUCK and APOLLO blow some shit up.
It's the US adaptation of Iron Sky.
Oh another drama series... I mean sci-fi.
Urgh, all i want is to see a Nuclear-Orion spaceship realized on-screen.  Not sure i want to sit through all the drama though :-/.
I loved this event. I want more!
Only on SyFy?
Duude...
It's on CBC too!
Wait...only on SYFY??  actually  not..... also being shown on CBC up here in Canada starting  Feb 9th  :)
This is what television for dumb people looks like.
Saw the first episode of the series today on a sneak preview.... Looks good.  Potential for intrigue, pretty racey and action.
OMG THE BLOND GIRL FROM BATTLESTAR GALACTICA :)
Finally after making the rookie mistake in 2009 Syfy is finally getting back in its game. I still can't believe that they chose to get off the horse that was high end tv and a market they created with Battlestar Galactica and let other networks succeed in a market that they clearly had an advantage in and a loyal fanbase due to their bold moves in terms of entertainment that was seen when they were executing BSG, I'm glad they learned from their mistake and are once again getting things into gears with Ascention,12 monkeys, and the Expanse which i'm looking forwards to. Please "Sci-fi" don't give up in the genre that is clearly your own, own it, execute, and rise to greater heights like you've shown us capable of with Stargate and BattleStar both of which were masterpieces and great enough to rival primetime tv such as HBO and the likes. True blood and Game of thrones were barely able to achieve a minor percentage of the greatness that is Stargate or BSG. This speaks volumes because with their large budgets and freedom they were still not on par with what Sci-fi has shown to be capable of, Please don't disappoint your fanbase, speak with actions and show us what you are capable of as a network and as a visionary for future entertainment.  #Syfy   #Ascention   #BSG   #Stargate   #TheExpanse
S/O to Adam Jensen speaking throughout the first 15 seconds...
that song is:
Book Chillak feat Esthero - Ready Or Not

Let people know... ;)
Merece la pena verla. Buena serie.
Certainly hope we will see more of this, highly entertaining and it gets me really fascinated. Been so long since I watched a new and good sci-fi show, thank you so much for making it!
I am one of the people who like the thing however They need someone who know more about the universe. They should have more syfy instead of people in a tin can wonder what their choices are. If your in space and left in 1964 by now they should more about space and be able to apply it to their situation even if its 51 year later that they are now in. Otherwise all new series have to start some place and I guess theirs is as good a place. The snakes and the or bellows need to at less have an education of some type they did on the enterprise.
As long as they keep the gay and feminist bullshit to a minimum, this could be a great show.
Just seen this tonight all I have to say is it had potential. I think that this plotline though aside from everyone dressing in early 60s attire has been done already.
I say reboot it! Only to have the ship actually in outerspace and no superpower girls who els is with me?!
What a great mini series this was! ......way better than I thought it would be, definitely meant for the conspiracy minded people.  I hope they make a second series.
it looks good but is it good ? my fav two shows are the walking dead and games of thrones, should I add this one ?
It was a space project watching " lab" rats, to see what they would do under different circumstances.It was never even in space. I really got into it, but it ended very badly. Pretty good cast though. Just sayin
guys i need a little help. where can i find the ending music? i just love that girl heavenly voice. but i cant find anywhere.
Hope You can help me :)
What's the name of that song??
it was good though
the ending of this show was confusing
In the episode 2 they say it's marvelous 1 kill in 50 years, it's 0.0057% of murders by years and by people.
It's less than in USA where it's 0,0065%. And so y am happy to be French and live in France with only 0,0007% of murder by people.
what a terrible choice of music for a trailer.
Wannabe the 100?
it actualy is a very good show
the series is made out of a real story - project ORION , check it out ;) besides that it;s based on TRANSHUMANISM movement ,and Steven Hauking's idea of spacetravel - starchild ideea
I actually liked this show. But i don't think it will be made into a series though.
The show is more about creating a super being than about travelling to another planet, even though one of them do end up on another planet.


This show reminds me of the Pioneer One Web series except you have a secret American project here instead of of a Soviet space project.
This is a true event. An event picked from the event Horizon. One of many possible realities......;-) ;-)
I have more hope for the characters on "The Walking Dead" as opposed to this show... its so poorly written that within the first hour even the actors are confused... Its as if the writers of FatalStart Fatlagica merged with the writers of that doomed series Star Gate Univrse, and made a new show... That nobody would like, because they forgot to write in a character that anyone might like.
I took a shit today it looked better than his trailer.
Big disappointment. I thought the SyFy channel was finely going back to what made it a great channel…… Good written SciFi. But no, they had to show a conspiracy mini-series  with a murder plot. Im so done with them.
adam jensen madafaka
Pourquoi, voir forcement l'avenir humain en sombre…
C'est un "peu" agaçant…
Star Trek, voilà un futur qui donne l'envie de vivre…
This show ended up making no sense at all. Very disappointing.
Now that its out... watch the first episode. or if you don't care... just the last 10 minutes. If nobody has already said this. IT'S NOTHING LIKE INTERSTELLAR!!! really not a single strand of the plot is the same... unless some man having a daughter belongs to interstellar ;)
So Project Ascension is like the Vaults from Fallout...but in space, and keeping with the sixties theme too? Cool. But no Pipboy 3000 though. :-(
977991 1754 160 0 393
View The Official Page: http://www.syfy.com/ascension
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Ascension Official Trailer #1 (2014) - Syfy TV Series HD

Who will save Humanity's last chance for survival? Ascension, a three night event, begins Dec. 15 at 9/8c.

A young woman's murder causes the subjects of a century-long mission to populate a new world to question the true nature of the project as they approach the point of no return.

The Movieclips Trailers channel is your destination for the hottest new trailers the second they drop. Whether it's the latest studio release, an indie horror flick, an evocative documentary, or that new RomCom you've been waiting for, the Movieclips team is here day and night to make sure all the best new movie trailers are here for you the moment they're released.

In addition to being the #1 Movie Trailers Channel on YouTube, we deliver amazing and engaging original videos each week. Watch our exclusive Ultimate Trailers, Showdowns, Instant Trailer Reviews, Monthly MashUps, Movie News, and so much more to keep you in the know.

Here at Movieclips, we love movies as much as you!
PT1M15S
hd
MovieID::::878
I enjoyed this.
Couldn't watch this for more than 20 mins. Some silly film centered on some silly 50 year old bimbo pretending that she has a brain.
The music in this movie was awesome! But I can't find it anywhere online and Shazam doesn't recognize it. :-( Especially love the song played when they "hooked up" after ice skating. Anybody have any idea how to find out who the artists are who provided the soundtrack?
120245 93 9 0 7
Celebrate the Holidaze with a new ABC Family Original movie! Holidaze stars Jennie Garth (90210, What I Like about You) as Melody, a successful and adventurous business woman who begrudgingly returns to her hometown for work. While there she takes a tumble and wakes up in an alternate reality where she never left town and married her childhood sweetheart, Carter McClure, played by Cameron Mathison (All My Children, Good Morning America). Could this experience change Melody's decision to leave home? Watch Holidaze, during ABC Family's 25 Days of Christmas, on Sunday, December 8th at 8/7c.

Watch all your favorite shows on Freeform: http://freeform.go.com/watch-live

SUBSCRIBE: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ8RapbM0DvGham-zDZEeFA?sub_confirmation=1

About Freeform:
Part of Disney|ABC Television, Freeform connects to audiences and goes beyond entertainment with bold original programming and immersive social engagement. As Disney’s young adult television and streaming network, it delivers a unique mix of quality original and acquired series, plus fan-favorite movies and the holiday events "13 Nights of Halloween" and "25 Days of Christmas." The Freeform app allows viewers access to 24/7 live viewing of the network, as well as continued on-demand access via a wide array of devices.

Connect with Freeform:
Find FREEFORM on: http://whatchannelfreeform.com/
Like FREEFORM on FACEBOOK: https://www.facebook.com/Freeform/
Follow FREEFORM on TWITTER: https://twitter.com/freeformtv
Follow FREEFORM on INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/Freeform/
Follow FREEFORM on TUMBLR: https://www.freeform.tumblr.com

Holidaze - A NEW Freeform Original Movie | Freeform
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ8RapbM0DvGham-zDZEeFA?sub_confirmation=1
PT31S
hd
MovieID::::879
zalige film!!


14856 10 0 0 1
Release in België: 9 november 2011

Een wonderlijke fabel van Frank Van Passel

An enchanting fable by Frank Van Passel

www.hetvarkenvanmadonna.be
PT42S
hd
MovieID::::880
A film perfect for Christmas and Lenten Season, Hope there will be a Full movie video of this. Wr grew up watching this, it's always shown in the Philippines during the 80's to early 90's every morning of Christmas eve.
zionist propaganda by fox.....Typical replacing the Hebrew people with an jew religion...Emmanuel / Jesus was an Hebrew.....The jewish religion does not believe the Messiah has come...they are a religion and not a people.
si porfavor la película no se consigue
porfavor podrias subir la pelicula completa
5197 24 0 0 4
The Nativity Trailer 1978
Director: Bernard Kowalski
Starring: Jane Wyatt, John Rhys-Davies, John Shea, Madeleine Stowe,  ,

Official Content From Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment

Television account of the life and romance of Joseph and Mary up through the birth of Jesus. Stowe plays the pregnant virgin, Shea is the confused Joseph.

Movie, The Nativity Movie,The Nativity Trailer,The Nativity 1978, Bernard Kowalski,Jane Wyatt, John Rhys-Davies, John Shea, Madeleine Stowe,  ,
PT57S
sd
MovieID::::881
1547 9 0 0 0
On stage discussion with Matt Wolf and Jon Savage about documentary Teenage.
PT14M10S
hd
MovieID::::882
Poor child. Ppl back then ... If you had a head ache they'd institutionalize you!
They we're the crazy ones. They we're so demented. Those students just whilly nilly "so does electrocuting them help any?" BLAHHH!
SICK SICK MOTHER FUCKERS! I SUPPOSE IN THOSE DAYS IF I SAID MF ALOT THEY'D PUT ME AWAY! TERRIBLE!
Devastating.
Mercer's play is great at getting the Emotional damage across, as is the Film version made shortly after this. David Cooper, another Radical Psychiatrist, contributed directly to both. Check out the "Asylum" film and the "Philadelphia Network" Documentary on Youtube for more on Laings approach to Mental illness.
Also all set against a Counter~Cultural Zietgiest in the Sixties  that accentuated questions regarding the nature of Reality itself. L.S.D figured hugely in the approach Laing took to Healing... and much else besides.
R.D Laing's theories about the Family, in relation to those labeled Schizophrenic, are more complex and qualified than simply attacking the Family setup. Wider criticisms were cast over The Psychiatric Establishment itself, The Whole Military~Industrial Machine and other Control Systems wherever they are found to be detrimental to the open individuation that Laing maintained was necessary for the Emotional Wellbeing of most People. Laing was a Humanist who took an Existentialist approach to the Suffering and suppression of those Victimised by a Crazy Society.
Wow, great film, still so relevant. 52 years later.
who,s a good boy then ,was good
the actress Sandy Ratcliff. who plated Kate , died today age 70 from a morphine overdose due to terminal lung condition
Although this is very good, it basically is putting forth, except for the ending, the popular psychiatric theory at the time of the "schizophrenogenic mother," i.e. blaming the mother for this mental illness though it was entirely untrue and caused a lot of harm.  People still don't understand it's causes, though genetics play a part, but this blaming of the mother was so popular then for any kind of metnal illness often, but especially so with schizophrenia, to the point that the term "schizophrenogenic mother" was born.
I do believe her dad was in Grange Hill.
Wow!
All before: The England and Wales Mental Health Act (1983).
A different age, as apposed to today's mental health treatment.
A different type of patient.
"A 'Tiny Tears' doll as a sleeping comfort.. Uncomfortable!"
Evil Nurse Ratchet in action!
People all round her are insidious controlling nutters. Makes me want to scream ''fuck off'' at the screen. When in hospital for an abortion on my 16th birthday (1970), a nurse said to me ''who's been a naughty girl then?'' Thank fuck I learned how to get angry - with help from my mum x
The BBC (Stupidly) Erased many Episodes from 'The Wednesday Play' Series.
The "specialists" are scarier than Kate's symptoms. Horrifying!
This is brilliant. Can you upload The Wedneday Play Son of Man 1969
This is more Pinteresque than Harold Pinter.
A typical Irish family in the 70's.always one child who is the outcast and is made the black sheep of the family
My bloody mother was just like this poor girls'   .........   thank the gods my wonderful Dad was just that, wonderful.  I'm not schizophrenic but a very strong person with a fab life of which I enjoy every moment.  This film was extremely eloquent.  Thank you for the upload.
This is not a copy of Family Life. It's the original before the film was made. Both brilliant.
Powerful drama and so much raw emotion. All poor Kate really needs is a loving family and a big hug!
this is a very interesting film.. that mother is driving me nuts.. and im only watching this :P
Ahhhhhhhh England in the "good old days"  You never had it so good. Any person with learning difficulties, post natal depression and general burn out were classed as a basket case,  put in nuthouses and jolted with E.C.T. and kept against their will,  and it was not so long ago. Even Winston Churchill had an idea of England having a "Master Race" and wanted to get rid of the "Weaklings" and have them institutionalised.  All this is not my fabrication, IT IS A WELL KNOWN FACT.
The only sane people I've ever known were all a bit mad.
Not wanting to be mean but is the actress playing Kate just a
little old for the part ?
This appears to be copy of a British movie Family Life, a very sad and controversial film. Both of these are based upon the theories of R D laing, a very controversial Scots psychiatrist. Basically he believed most mental illness, especially schizophrenia, were caused by family relationsips. It's more complicated but that is the basic theory.
What is equally disturbing about this play, is the attitude from the girl's parents, regarding their daughter's mental illness: they simply can't or won't accept that she is very ill and needs support. The ending is quite sinister as well. An excellent play.
Would love to see 'After A Lifetime' once more. Can't find it anywhere
would you happen to have the Wednesday play on No Exit by Jean Paul Sartre staring Harold Pinter?
Ooooooo look at 32:00 - it's her from Coronation Street who climbed the roof of the factory.
Oooooo look at 9:50 - it's Chief Superintendant Brownlow from The Bill.
Poor dear....but hopefully this film contributed to a MORE Present day Loving people into a healthier lifestyle...
This just made me cry and cry,...
Outstanding work
Can`t remember over the last 30 years, did they ever bring it on German TV
48246 205 9 0 53
Kate, a young girl under psychiatric examination, suffers from a lack of confidence, self-esteem and self-control -- telling of the "bad Kate" who commits immoral acts. Could the hypocrisy, selfishness and weakness of those around her have led to this state of mind or can Kate simply be diagnosed and dismissed as a schizophrenic?

In a drama told in Loach's convincing documentary style, writer David Mercer questioned the accepted condition of schizophrenia. The film, broadcast in The Wednesday Play series, led to heated discussions on television and in the press, while Mercer won the Writers' Guild Award for the Best Television Play of 1967.
PT1H12M44S
hd
MovieID::::883
4070 38 1 0 3
Fantastic slab of instro mayhem !!
PT2M12S
sd
MovieID::::884
so anna camp went nude in this film.
this looks like a horrible movie . having sex with some bimbo while your daughter is in the room next to you? inviting multiple women into your home which is supposed to be a safe place for your daughter ? the guy doesn't even have full custody of the kid in the movie , how reckless, self centered and asshole-ish can a father be to rub the concept of divorce into a child's face ? so sad , horrible story and just depressing
"Goodbye to All That" took a name of a great book.
poor movie and...pathetic...bad...
stupid movie
I don't get girls.  Why do they cry when THEY'RE the ones breaking up? Lol, happened to me and i'm just sitting there all awkward and shit, it's my house I can't exactly kick out a crying girl lol even though she just broke up with me.
This movie was just bizarre.
I don't know why, but I find this guy completely unlikable. I thought maybe it was just the character in "Parks and Recreation," that was unlikable, which is why I think they got rid of him, I assume. But he seems really unlikable even in this short clip. Is it just me or does anyone else think he comes across as constantly smug.
Fuck marriage
Pretty Fuckup ending.
I saw this last night, and I thought it was terrible. Had some funny moments, but the story never went anywhere, and I hated how it ended. They basically showed the only funny parts in the previews, and it makes it seem funnier than what it was. It bored me
Goodbye to all this...
Better title would be:   Confessions of a...Mangina.
"you talk like a girl, I don't know what you're talking about"

I'm so totally gonna use this line.
578881 215 31 0 16
Opening in theaters and VOD December 17th

Paul Schneider (Parks and Recreation) stars as a newly single dad navigating the good, the bad, and the weird of the 30-something singles scene in this whip-smart comedy. When his wife unexpectedly informs him that she wants a divorce, well-meaning but oblivious husband Otto Wall (Schneider) finds himself thrust back into bachelorhood. Cue a hilarious sequence of romantic encounters—from reconnecting with a former crush to online dating—as Otto searches for the real thing amidst a string of one night stands. Directed by the acclaimed writer of Junebug, this sexy farce co-stars Anna Camp, Heather Graham, Amy Sedaris, and Melanie Lynskey.

Subscribe to IFC: http://youtube.com/user/IFCFilmsTube

Connect with IFC Online
IFC Films Official Site: http://www.ifcfilms.com
Follow IFC Films on Twitter: http://twitter.com/IFCFilms
Find IFC Films on Facebook: http://facebook.com/IFCFilmsOfficial
Follow IFC Films on Instagram : http://instagram.com/ifcfilms
PT2M12S
hd
MovieID::::885
haha i want to see it
you don't need go to french classes when you have f#cking English subtitles
I'm French I get it all
I do I go to a French shcool
Ha ha ha this so funny cause we don't understand any of it ca va?
65784 82 7 0 6
Directed by : Laurent Tirard
Produced by : Fidélité Films
Genre: Fiction - Runtime: 1 h 37 min
French release: 09/07/2014
Production year: 2014

It's the end of the school year. The long-awaited moment of summer vacation has arrived. Little Nicolas, his parents, and Grandma head to Hotel Beau-Rivage by the seaside. On the beach, Nicolas quickly makes a new set of friends: there's Blaise, who isn't on vacation because he lives in the area, Fructueux, who likes everything, even fish, Djodjo, who doesn't speak like them because he's English, Crépin, who cries all the time, and Côme, who always wants to be right and who is very annoying. But Nicolas also gets to know Isabelle, a little girl who always looks at him with big, round and worried eyes, and who Nicolas believes his parents want to force him to marry. Misunderstandings accumulate, blunders begin.
One thing's for sure: for everyone, this will be an unforgettable vacation!

More info: http://en.unifrance.org/movie/36278/nicholas-on-holiday
PT2M2S
hd
MovieID::::886
Just watching this movie that, I've DVR it 5 months ago.  I am just transferring it onto my blank DVD-R disc, I'm just a cheap woman btw.
I absolutely love this film.David is one of my favorite actors and his performance is stellar.Cavatina is beautiful in both this and in The Deer Hunter but this is the original.
Where can I watch/download this movie?
The original and best film using Cavatina as the main theme music (rather than "The Deer Hunter"... and also one which has shaped, or reflected, my outlook on the romantic themes of life...
14013 27 1 0 4
The Walking Stick: http://bit.ly/OEfxP9

Quiet and shy, ashamed of her leg withered by polio, Deborah Dainton takes refuge in her work as a trusted employee of a posh London auction house. Within weeks, she is a criminal, the linchpin in a jewel heist. How she got there forms the twisted heart of this psychological crime thriller. The answer, of course, is a man: Leigh Hartley, a painter whose real talent may be his ability to manipulate a lonely young woman. He courts Deborah, making her feel whole and desirable. Now he has one favor to ask...and Deborah, despite claustrophobia from her time in an iron lung, hides in a closet so that she can slip out after the auction house's closing to let her lover enter and steal a fortune in gems. Blending boyish charm with a threat of danger, David Hemmings (Blow-Up) makes a magnetic Leigh. And Roger Greenspun of The New York Times praises Samantha Eggar's (The Collector) "beautifully restrained and evocative performance" as Deborah.
------
1,000+ Rare films, TV movies, and series on DVD direct from the Studio.
http://www.warnerarchive.com
PT2M10S
sd
MovieID::::887
That picture with this music makes me think, what the movie has a hilarious shootout. I mean something like Lock, Stock and Two smoking barrels shootout.
i mean't that's the music from "A Pistol For Ringo, s.28 " at 1:53-4:00
i mean't that's the music from "A Pistol For Ringo" at 1:53-4:00
that's the music from "One Pistol For Ringo" tone.
haven't seen this one but this track sounds great.
29305 24 2 0 5
-From "LE PISTOLE NON DISCUTONO"

-"BULLETS DON'T ARGUE", (USA), BULLETS DON'T LIE", and "GUNS DON'T TALK"

-"LAS PISTOLAS NO DISCUTEN" (Spain)

-"DIE LETZTEN ZWEI VOM RIO BRAVO" (Austria/ West Germany)

-"30,000 FORDOMDA DOLLARS" (Sweden)

-"COLT ET DOLLARS" (Belgium, French title)



Early Italo-Western starring Rod Cameron, Horst Frank, and Vivi Bach.



Resources:

http://www.enniomorricone.com/

http://www.chimai.com/



http://www.myspace.com/enniomorricone

http://www.myspace.com/morriconemood



http://www.myspace.com/eddadell39orso

http://www.myspace.com/eddadellorso



http://www.myspace.com/alessandroalessandroni



http://www.myspace.com/brunonicolai



(All rights reserved by the copyright owners. This nonprofit fan-made video is solely to promote awareness and interest in the artists, the music, and the films.)
PT4M44S
sd
MovieID::::888
Just think. Somebody probably had to sleep with somebody just so they could be in this movie.
This narrator speaks in haiku...

If you want it chopped off
Just take it to the woods
Remember
The call of the wild
Is the last thing
On earth
Guy sounds like he's narrating a public service announcement.
Is it Bigfoot?
00:24 "Something a little bit wild... and. Crazy..."
Scared the sh*t outta me and my friend!
Oh good, I was wondering where I go to get something chopped off and now I know
this makes me wanna go into the woods.
@banrepguy i like the movie
Just check on freegamemovieblogspotcom to download this movie
@h3dpictures agree
@banrepguy i likes it, i found it to be a good slasher.
The mountain scene at 0:50 looks like the cover of Ulver's Bergtat album (which is awesome, by the way!)
@Liucilla That makes TWO of us!
@diablo22900 Right On, yeah...
Don't Go In The Woods is one of the best worst movies ever!  I love, love, LOVE these kinds of movies!
just when I think I have seen this movie enough...I watch the trailer and I want to watch it again...Why???
real thrash movie
hahahahaha this is great! its so bad its good :D
for 2 people a simple warning was not enough
People like to watch it because it's so bad, it's good ... Bad (B-horror) movies make money too ...
The offically sanctioned worst slasher film of the 80's.
amen, brotha!
@gravelandgrain100 , funny, as I was watching the trailer it made me think of "The Burning" I was lucky enough to catch "The Burning" on the IFC channel last year. Haven't seen this movie though, it looks cheesy.

the DVD looks good pictuewise, but this is a lousy horror movie-check out "The Burning" for a good woodsy/camp film. The soundtrack is awful in this, especially that thumping/banging on the door noise. The plot is embarrasing-cuz there isn't one, a waste of 82 minutes of your life.
not really.  but it's one of the best bad movies ever.
that looks old!
Lmao the thing jumping looks like bigfoot.
OMG I watched this years ago, we still joke about it.  Had to be the worst movie we have ever seen!  But we are still talking about it, so it was memorable.
In my opinion, this must be (director) James Bryan's answer to Just Before Dawn.
Problem.
1. There's worse.
2. This movie is great. You're just not looking at it right.
LOL thats a girl! :P
I love the cheesiness of this movie.
I've never been able to figure out if this was meant to be a spoof or if this was supposed to be taken seriously. If this was meant to be scary, than the filmmakers were seriously smoking something! Either way, it's a lot of fun to watch.
me and some freinds thought about doing a remake of this film. lolol, we could pull a better movie out of our asses lmao!! still enjoy watching it from time to time though
"Something's out there... waiting. Something a little bit... wild... and... crazy."



Steve Martin?
LOONY IN THE WOODS
yeah...it is haha.
the theme song is half assed too.
if you havent seen it, that might be a good thing haha.
but after you watch it then you can rip on it! kinda' makes it fun to talk about with your horror buff friends, just for the laughs.
haha
I remember being terrified when I was little but I saw it when I got older again and it was funny.
is this that shitty movie that Deron Miller ranks as # 2 as his fav horror movie?! AHAHA he was right..it IS terrible!
hahaha that a brotha doing the voice.
yes, it is awful.  but in a good way!
68574 101 13 0 43
if you want it chopped off, just take it to the woods. watch the DGITW inspired short, "Red Woods" at http://www.redwoods.8m.com  a must for DGITW fans!!!



check out this vid on http://www.codereddvd.com
PT1M8S
sd
MovieID::::889
Not the best movie, but I LOVE the soundtrack with the Latin chants, so beautiful
Great and very interesting movie.  I see lots of God haters here who left an ugly comment.  They aren't happy without sex drugs and more sin and filth.  America is about to fall...How sad   : (
Bahaha , metal music in the back in a story about the bible being brought to Vikings and fucking them up . Irony at its finest. Valhalla Rising is a perfect movie ... not that much action but as true as can be made.
this was like a bad fan film
A Viking Saga  The Darkest Day Trailer 2013 (HD)
Why can't they make a decent movie about vikings?
This is the shitest di I've ever saw waste of money
I WAISTED MY TIME ON THIS LOW BUDGET HORSESHIT
Looks like a steaming pile ... the weapons are very late/transitional in period terms and don't seem correct at all to me - they seem to have used the ulfbhert sword as their main choice to represent Viking/Saxon swords - not a great choice. Straight to DVD ... more like straight to the bin.
it was a terrible movie
lol even the trailer looks shitty as fuck
360p is not HD dumb ass.
watched this*
I wanted this and holy crap was it boring. The movie consists of arguing, complaining, about two dozen scenes of just...walking with no dialog, talking about how they must keep moving, abandoned plot points, uninteresting dialog, and completely fictitious part where the monk basically turns into Rambo. Not...really even so bad it's good. Just really weak and boring. I give it a D+
Calm down people Johann from Amon Amarth is NOT in this movie, if you go to AA website and read the plot of the movie, it is totally different and it is not due untill 2015
Is this the one that is supposed to have Johan in it? I thought that was called "Northmen - A Viking Saga".
Johann from Amon Amarth !
Great actors. Bad movie about religious delusions.
Series is good - but this is a SHIT trailer for an unrelated movie
boringgggggggggggggg

No mistaking my Cousins Voice, another incredible performance Josh.
lol, he propably uploaded it from his Nokia 6110
Because the owner was seeing it all this time in 10 pixels
This movie is "BORING" trust me...
after watching spartacus all this other movies sucks ... :s

If you are watching this because you are about to rent it, dont waste your time and money. Im warning you lol... yes its not good at all...
yeah it should have been called "A Monks Saga'. Wasn't too bad a movie otherwise.
You dumb or what? Dont see joke in there?

neither was 360p...what's your point?
cut it some slack, 1080 wasnt invented yet during viking dayz
That strange moment when it's a movie about vikings and nobody ever gets on a ship.
i also think the viking series is fucking awesome.  acting for me is great and the action is raw.  Great show...
cara na moral quando da ver esse tive de trailler vc ja sabe que n presta baixar o narrador o tipo de fala dele os parece ser iniciante fazendo filme
Freak movie, The Vikings wasnt Gey.
stupid English creators, and stupid writers : Cris crow, Graham Davidson.


TRYNDAMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE
Or Heinous Deviousness.... lol
Hideous Deception = HD  ;)
the narrator already sound like shit..
looks like shit
made me laugh

this look like shit
Ragnarr lodbrok*
don't be rude
dont be rude
Please stop commenting
what a bullshit
dont be rude
dont swear

this movie is terrible and probably directed for 100 bucks XD
one does not simply call a quest a mission
You seem like an expert

*Stupid or dumber, stupider is not a word. Good try!
as soon as you hear that voice on "true events" you know its shit.
because thats what happened in real life lol,  if you look into the history, vikings were the hell of fighters traders farmers, smiths(the best sword ever made was a viking sword brand by the name of ulfberht, which is the only sword to beat a samurai's hands down.  so like anyone culture that raped the world, they make them out as the badguys, but i agree id love to see that(prolly cuz my family line hails from both the Norwegian and danish vikings)
I don´t want to see any more viking movies from a none-viking perspective. Why cant there be a movie named " A vikings wrath " where the viking pwns everybody else, drinks, parties and steals away the girl he loves.
Holy shit this looks cheesy.
"INSPIRED BY TRUE EVENTS."

AHAM!!!
And get  a free virus+ one on top of the other virus,call now 118gofuckyourself09
Watched it yesterday, WORST VIKING MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!!
HD huj w Dupe
based on true events? Stopped watching right there, what a load of horse shit. america is culturally fucked. oh and that statement based on true events
straight to dvd!
or Hairy Donut? lol
hahahaha. I thought I was actually there!
Yes it does matter as I only like to watch HD trailers on my huge TV, not pixelated crap and by the amount of thumbs ups my comment had obviously people agree. If it's not HD, don't say it's HD and waste mine and other peoples time! Simple.
It's a trailer, 1:05 long. Does it really matter?
not even gonna pirate it
this isnt ragnar lothbrook
Best HD ever.
Look it's LOTR owh shit
whats the budget $50 ,looks fucking stupid=not worth the bandwidth to download this crap!
Wow this looks even stupider than the Vikings series..
Why does it say HD when it's 360. Ffs.
Horned helmets are only one of the biggest mistakes of this movie.


"Inspired by true events"

Yeah,I remember when this happened!
the trailer kills the movie which in my opinion is good.
seems like Vikings or GOT's parody

780959 108 175 0 94
A Viking Saga  The Darkest Day Trailer 2013 (HD)
PT1M5S
sd
MovieID::::890
i think this is a wonderful movie and a little bit of comedy
I've seen this, it's a really great drama. Quite funny too.

36805 51 1 0 3
Bande-Annonce du film L'AGE DE RAISON de Yann Samuel, avec Sophie Marceau.
PT1M59S
sd
MovieID::::891
Chazz Palimenteri <3 The Bronx Tale has brought me to every recent movie he's ever done!
is this movie played in yonkers ny? why is called like that ?
why is it called yonkers joe
I wondered what happened to Christine Lahti! Always liked her spunk! And Chazz - That's one mesmerizing man!
is this the sequel to Simple Jack?
yours, tronulu.

if you want an explanation...

movies these days always seem to involve someone whose sick and more often than not, its a "cute girl" or some stud that a girl falls in love with. those movies aren't honest. but so many movies are that way.
because that's what everybody does.
if you have HD net it will be on tv in January for free. I just watched it and it is a great movie. Really worth seeing.
the special kid reminds me of Ben Foster a.k.a. Eli from Freaks and Geeks
I was a Stand In for Tom Guiry and an extra in a few scenes. Great cast. Its gonna be good.
I can't wait to see this movie... I love Tom Guiry. He is such an amazing actor. This movie is going to be awesome!!!
39971 37 4 0 12
Trailer for Yonkers Joe opens January 9th check your local listings



Yonkers Joe (Chazz Palminteri) is a small-time con man and dice hustler in search of the perfect scam. He and his girlfriend Janice (Christine Lahti) cruise the local casinos in search of new ways to outwit the security cameras, but in the meantime, Joe's scams provide a steady source of income. Their comfortable lifestyle is disrupted when Yonkers Joe receives a call from the institution where his son, Joe Jr. (Tom Guiry), lives. Mentally challenged since birth, 21-year-old Joe has recently been displaying hostile and aggressive behavior toward his fellow students. As a result, he is being expelled from the institution and forced to move in with his father until new arrangements can be made.



Faced with the prospect of caring for his son or paying for him to live in an expensive group home, Yonkers Joe begins to formulate a plan to execute the scam of his lifetime. With his winnings, he hopes to be able to take care of his son's expenses for years to come. He, Janice, and Joe Jr. travel to Las Vegas, and what unfolds tests the bonds of their relationship but also brings them together in new and unexpected ways. Bolstered by terrific performances by Palminteri, Lahti, and Guiry, Yonkers Joe tells the heartwarming story of a father and son learning to appreciate one another for their strengths as well as their weaknesses. The casino scenes are fraught with suspense, but it is the compelling bond shared by the three lead characters that resonates long after the credits have rolled.
PT2M13S
sd
MovieID::::892
when the trailer become so much better then the movie it self
Somebody knows the song of this trailer?
Can't wait to see this movie.
I love Nikolaj Coster-Waldau (Game of Thrones, duh) and heard about this film. Just watching the trailer, I'm crying. And with the film, I have a good feeling that I'll be a weeping mess. Amazing movie it'll be.
Great film and very inspiring!
KNOCKED MY SOCKS CLEAN OFF.!

*VERY GOOD IMPRESSIVE(L;Y) GRUELING AFFAIR OF A FILM
Great actress, good movie, inspiring. But I feel that there is something is missing in the story!
Song is Jonsi -tornado
Damn I really need to get serious about my photography.
Stunning movie !!
A great movie, to be presented in the  #supernova  section at  #TIFF 2014:
http://tiff.ro/en/tiff/stiri/best-tiff-supernova-section
This movie was INCREDIBLE- but then, I have a total obsession with war photographers so....
Song is tornado by Jonson
what is the song please?
YES YES YES: Juliette Binoche back as the photographer (circa the unbearable lightness of being), great cinematography and acting YES!
183921 466 8 0 22
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
A Thousand Times Good Night Official UK Trailer 1 (2014) - Juliette Binoche Movie HD


Rebecca is one of the world's top war photographers. She must weather a major emotional storm when her husband refuses to put up with her dangerous life any longer. He and their young daughters need Rebecca, who, however, loves both her family and her work...
PT1M43S
hd
MovieID::::893
It just takes one adult in a child's life to change the child's life forever.
This beautiful child was smarter than all of them!
i love johnny
Way Togo prince Johnny
Who was the lady Johnny was talking too and was blowing kisses to
I like Johnny! Seems like someone I’d get along with very well.
Was Johnny's grandmother(Queen Alexandra) crying because she was deaf and couldn't hear him playing?
An amazing film. I highly recommend.
JCOUYT1313@GMAIL.COM QAZQAZ1313x
This film is so emotional, Tragic, I love how it plays with my emotions.
Why are they all crying?
What was he playing?
according to a documentary, Prince John was only able to do simple repetitive actions. due to the damage of his brain he was rather slow in thinking and speaking.
Brilliant film, 2003 was pure gold for royal tv movies.
Just because you have a disability does not mean you are not a talented person with a warm heart.  This was the best scene of all - it's amazing how music can touch so many. I wish I knew what Johnny was playing.
I can hardly believe it. Queen Mary (the actress playing her anyway) actually showed human emotion.
for me, so emotional...the human spirit amoungst the chaos of life.
i want to watch this, but i cant find it anywhere. i have epilepsy, so i thought it might be worth watching.
this movie is so sad...
Tom Hollander..
I don't know if anyone here mentioned this-but I noticed that the actor playing George V here also played King George III in John Adams miniseries..same eyes and facial expressions..

Even today Prince Michael of Kent resembles the Tsar!
Actually, not anymore (convulsion fits). Today there are effective medications to control those neurological impulses. Sadly, until the late 1950's people actually died from epilepsy because the neurosciences weren't there like they are today. I lost my grandfather to epilepsy at only 39 years of age. Diagnosis of epilepsy is much more common then most people realize & it is MIS-diagnosed  25-30% of the time in some countries.
Such a wonderful wonderful production, a real insight into the Royal Family at that time.
Every part of 'The Lost Prince ' is technically correct due entirely to the great Steven Poliakoff. Everyone should watch it - its great, I never tire of it. The actors in this are supreme!
Well said Johnny: make 'em wait!
0:10 - johnny la hanta esta muy loca
Rollo Weeks (Prince Georgie). Was such an awesome choice!!!  I've seen pics, and they totally look alike!!!
Johnny Kicked Arse on the Trumpet!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@tolemy01 Thanks for that info! I'd been wondering what those melancholy music pieces were called and whom they were by.
Thank you for posting this. Prince John's recital is my favorite scene in this eloqent film. Such a poignant scene knowing Johnny's fate. :(
@lalahammy Yes, it is funny how matter-of-fact he is about it. I wonder if it relates to the very first time the doctors assessed him, when Lala tried to get him to throw the ball to her and he didn't respond. From his perspective, showing them all he could do that might seem just as significant as showing them his trumpet skills!
Also....sorry about this guys.....Britain was a completely different country back then when illness was seen as a weakness. So the King and Queen wanted their Prince Son to be hidden from all - hence throughout the film they always tried to keep him away from the public. It was the constant stresses of all this making her cry and the fact that they just want to be left alone...which is why when this film came out it was so controversial...people drew paralells with Diana and William and Harry!
the Russian Royals (Tsar Romanovs) were related directly to our Royals and the Russian Bolsheviks (communists) were having a revolution because they despised the Royal Family. They despised the Royals because they wanted the ordinary Russians to believe that the Royals did not care about ordinary Russians. The Bolsheviks made the royals out to be abusive and cruel - by all accounts was false. So it was the stress of all this which is making her cry! I believe anyway!
@lalahammy Its an emotional film. The young prince had a dibilitating illness which he was born with. many people today suffer from it. Basically at random points in time the person collapses into convulsions uncontrollable fits.  He was also the son of the ruling monarch who was about to send hundreds of thousand s of young men to battle in the 1st World war or rather trying to avert war. The Royals were not liked - much as the same in Russia -
The King and Queen are such harsh disciplinarians. Shunning Johnnie was an unforgivable act and it was a crime to a farm to be lonely. RIP HRH The Prince John and anyone who helped his struggle with epilepsy
@RichardvsHimself, very sad
Thats telling them!!!
The reason that Queen Alexandra is crying is because all that she known and the people loved were now gone........her husband, King Edward VII was dead......her nephew, Emperor Nicholas II and his entire family..his wife and children..who were murdered in 1918......all the grandeur of monarchy was extinquished........
@laughtereveryday You're welcome. I attempted to put a link in my original response, but I kept getting an error. So, instead, if you do a youtube search for "Ann Lemke - Oboe d-amore - "Largo" " you'll find a nice rendition by oboe of the same tune.
The first trumpet piece played is indeed Viviani's Second Sonata for Trumpet and Organ. However, the second piece (from 2:18 to 3:37) is the "Oboe d'Amore" - Largo, by Georg Telemann.
i dont get it..... why did she start crying?
lol, "i will kick a football around" this is my fav part
why is this video not working?? it says an error has occurred
This programme was brilliant - lovely and as usual so well casted and acted
Poliakoff is a genius
76893 170 12 0 49
An awesome story of the epileptic Prince John, here is the bit where he kicks arse on trumpet :D
PT5M4S
sd
MovieID::::894
I really want to watch this movie, but I can not find :(
I love this movie!!
How many folks pass out in front of you on Christmas Adam AND Christmas Eve?
Interesting that this movie has never been made available for sale on DVD, Blu-ray or otherwise.  Also, the Jordin Sparks song Angels Are Singing was supposedly available as digital download back in 2011 is no longer available.  Anyone know if maybe they were sued by the GroundHog Day creators or other similar movie creators perhaps?  It doesn't make sense that it's never been available for sale or maybe it was once and removed from the shelves....
I'm watching this for the first time this year.  Anyone know where I can find a free download of it this?
I love "12 Dates of Christmas"!  I've watched it at least a dozen times during the past 2 Christmas seasons.  Each day contains the corresponding elements of the song within that particular day.  For example, on the 3rd day there is a scene of some delivery guys carrying a pan of 3 roasted hens with a miniature French flag garnish out thru a door - "3 French hens".  It is like a game to see if you can spot all 12 elements of the song during the movie.  #10 on the 10th day & #11 on the 11th day were kind of tricky to spot, but I finally found them all.
reminds me of the joey lawrence movie from 2012
I LOVE MARK TOO :D
OMG Zack !!!!!
MARK PAUL
I LOVE HIM
I love Amy Smart...she should be in better movies than this...
don't waste your time on this movie. i just watched it and like every other abc family movie, its full of horrible acting, really jumping-around story lines and talking, and i just hated it
so..... its basically Groundhog Day (Bill Murray, 1993).
297267 141 11 0 22
What if you had 12 chances at a first date? Don't miss this new romantic comedy Sunday, December 11 at 8/7c, only on ABC Family! Starring Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Amy Smart! Part of 25 Days of Christmas.
PT31S
hd
MovieID::::895
Fuck I need to see this movie RIGHT NOW
0:35 When you nut and she keeps sucking.
I’m the latest comment here lol
The main guy in this movie kind of looks like Charles Manson.
Peace and love from Saudi Arabia
I'm the big man Darren Picone
"Man, how does it feel to be completely free at last? Man, I feel really turned on." Right on
"Without Clothes, Without Governments, and Without Borders."
Notice he puts the Clothes first.
when pubic hair was Naturally UNADULTERATED............... now it looks like a pot belly pigs ass.!!
I feel like a fool, and have this irresistible urge to push a button.
this is now it goes ( smoke a joint or have a bong or 2 or maybe 3 then watch )brilliant film never laughed so much lol thumbs up if you agreepeace out.
great movie, watched it 2 days ago
been waiting for about 5 yrs to see this movie and it is everything I thought it would be.bad acting,bad directing,bad editing.the best movie of ALL TIME.
Stop pushing buttons.
This was recently shown on TCM. The acting was beyond wooden, some nudity, but whatta piece of trash!!
Hated this movie. It is on movie pak. Who are the white guys that keep following him? Death!
This film gives me WONDERFUL FEELING.
I think I'd rather chew tin foil.
Insane as ROBOT MONSTER, but... a masochistic experience to actually sit through it. At least MONDO CANE has a beautiful score. This has re-worked Billy Jack folk anthems.  Perhaps a guilty pleasure for one viewing.
I just watched it on TCM.  Worst movie ever!  The read head was hot though.
So they chose Israel? Oh boy.
vile danimals...love this movie...rest in peace Sage.
the I Drink Your Blood DVD is still the one thing I would save from my house if there was a fire, haha.
I feel like a fool.
Un ingles Jorodoskiano
"Shut your ass...baby."
where can i see this movie?!
You're going too far baby. Can't wait to see this.
Shut your ass!
they showed it in the cork film festival the 16th november my god i have not laughed so much in a cinema in my life so brilliant
The Jerusalem File (1972) - Where can we see it ?
Dat dubbing....

He was like talkin' to me man.. like at the end!
Musta been some strong weed.
I saw this last night IN A THEATER and it was an amazing experience.  "I don't get you, man!"  And now the Blu-ray/DVD is out and I'll have to settle for the small screen.  It's totally worth it, though.  WOW.  Just wow.
Is this real?
SHUT YOUR ASS!

Can't way to watch the blu-ray!
BEYOND GROOVY!
This actually looks really good. I've gotta see the whole thing.
54022 254 14 0 53
Grindhouse Releasing is proud to present the very first home-video release of Amos Sefer's long lost psychedelic epic. Deluxe edition 3 disc Blu-ray/DVD combo limited to 2000 individually numbered copies. Don't miss out!

visit https://shop.grindhousereleasing.com to order blu ray titles and exclusive merchandise.
PT3M1S
sd
MovieID::::896
I have watched 4 of the films so far and look forward to the rest. I love the family of cast members and it's like putting on a comfortable pair of shoes.
Yes as a bank robber getting into a car. Who is then asked the way to the police station by new recruit Leslie Phillips. He also turned up a year later in Carry On Regardless as an old mate of Sid's. He definitely had screen presence.
Eric Barker is hilarious.
Didn't the great boxer Freddie Mills make an appearance in this?
The wall eyed man.....
Sids debut. Cor!
21379 34 0 0 7
Trailer for Carry On Constable 1960
PT2M48S
sd
MovieID::::897
According to an Ernest Borgnine interview this movie was actually the long-way-around-the-barn inspiration for McHale's Navy.
I hate this movie because it  has been having American white [christ] ethnocentrism .many american do not the relationship about mongolian and japanese
13201 24 2 0 3
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to CLASSIC TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/1u43jDe
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt

Destination Gobi (1953) Official Trailer # 1 -Richard Widmark HD

A group of US Navy weathermen taking measurements in the Gobi desert in World War II are forced to seek the help of Mongol nomads to regain their ship while under attack from the Japanese air force.

Cast:

Director:
Robert Wise: http://j.mp/WdTODj

Producer:
Stanley Rubin: http://j.mp/WTHrsj

Writer:
Edmund G. Love
Everett Freeman

Editor:
Robert Fritch

Cinematographer:
Charles G. Clarke

Composer:
Sol Kaplan
PT3M23S
hd
MovieID::::898
No need to make new movies. this was  superb, I´m only looking at old movies.
Thank you so much for uploading. The writing, producing and acting was superb.
the 2nd episode is fantastic, not on boring minute
Eric Ambler !
Wonderful..England at it's best
Three thoroughly charming stories superbly told and acted. Highly recommended.
Absolutely beautiful little vignettes! Loved them all!
Thanks for the upload!  Can we see some more of these splendid movies?  Please!
I am so sad this normality and decency will never go back
Had to  enjoy the cruise  story so much.  Thank you.
Love ing. It
99% of these movies were made long before I was born, butno matter. I've always loved the old movies. I love everything about them. Thanks for making so many available.
i agree cameron
thankyou for sharing this.. How far have "movies" fallen since this age here.. we need more movies like this.. EXCEPT what is up with that Baphomet Insignia shown before each "story" that's troubling.
First film was best of three short films; they certainly made good films in past.Modern film rely on C.G.I to make them watchable ????
....In short story after short story (“The Know All”; “The Pretender”; “Winter Cruise”), Somerset Maugham returns to the same theme, featuring the same character : the supposed “Know-It-All”; the “Bore”; the societal “Misfit”.... And—in each case—he illustrates that the “loudmouth” that everyone attempts to avoid , actually sees far more deeply into the human spirit than those that are mocking him ever could hope to....In almost heart-breaking simplicity, he illustrates how “The Bore” uses garrulousness to mask his/her own loneliness and insecurity—and yet, how this same supposedly “insensitive” individual is always the first to defend the dignity of others.......The fact that an individual of Maugham’s time and social class could see this human truth so clearly, illustrates not only a man who possessed a very deep understanding of human nature.....but a very big heart.....
Absolutely delightful!!  Thanks for sharing.
Somerset Maugham's stories are extremely well adapted here. From hilarity to bittersweet romance we have everything, with a fine cast of English stalwarts from the day.  Many thanks for sharing.
Très bon! Merci beaucoup.
I've always been a Glynis Johns fan.  I even remember her short-lived TV series in 1963.
Thank you for the uploads.  These are gems.  Will be watching them again soon.  I cannot bare to watch most new entertainment, it is offensive to me.
Made in the golden age of film .  Thank you for loading this :)
enjoyed thank you for sharing
I don't understand some of the  lurid comments on here?.I'm just thankful someone was kind enough to upload this film. I love old films. Much better than the crap today.. Thank you for sharing.
Nigel Patrick would have made a great James Bond.
A young Bill Murray--  he is great...
Thank you arinna77, this was excellent. I loved all three stories in the same video. Love Maugham stories.
Miss Reid married to Mr. Know it all would be interesting to see lol
pas trouvé en français, impossibilité de sous-titre  pfft !!
I used to watch these films with my wonderful dad. I also love "trio" and the verger is my favourite! Nigel Patrick was wonderful and little Charles victor as well!!!
I c.  They planned on living till 80 so 40 is middle aged. ah,  Life expectancy is 50 so middle aged is 25.  ah...plan on living till 120 so middoe aged is 60.  I c.  so someone 60 has 60 more years which is more than 25 more and in this way a 60 year old is younger than a 25 year old.  I c
I share his birth daý, 25 th January .
You don't have to gay like Maugham to produce such a masterpiece as this but you need to be single and spend a lot of time alone.
A bit refreshing to see that LITOTES abides!
Child of the Great Depression
Class of 1933
Great entertainment! Thanks for uploading!
they had scripts then.
Never take  the milk of Human kindness and judge people on there personality. When William Shakespeare wrote it 400 Hundred years ago we can all no doubt  learn something from 'A Winter cruise'.  Excellent Trio of Movies
The second story was my favourite, I think we've all met somebody like that lady. I movie that was really easy to watch.
Black and White, my favorites colors...<3
Despite being English and nearly 61, and growing up on this sort of stuff, I've never seen this excellent film.
Fancy Nancy again.  Didn't mention my favorite book by W. Somerset Maugham - - also made into a movie and released in 1945 - - "OF HUMAN BONDAGE".  Catch the movie if you can.  Of course,  the book is always better than the movie version.  So I advise that you DO READ THE BOOK!
by Fancy Nancy (again)
December 5, 2016
W. Somerset Maugham was a gifted writer of the nineteenth century.   I was entranced by his books in the middle of the 20th century.  Would read for hours until I would fall asleep back when my first child, my precious son, was a little boy and his dad, my husband, was in the U. S. Army overseas in Germany during the Korean Conflict.  Plaudits to such a marvelous inventor of mind-boggling stories!
by Fancy Nancy
Dec. 5, 2016
7:49 AM
Great! Thanks
Another Somerset Maughan story well adapted to film was 'The moon and sixpence' which has the added bonus of George Sanders.
I just adore this
I guess all she wanted was the  reassurance of his love.
I love old British movies....simply wonderful
This is absolutely one of the best things I've seen lately. Completely captivating. Must see!
These old movies are truly fantastic...thank you SO much!!!!!!!
Very enjoyable film!!
I agree, Cameron.  I can look at these oldies for hours at a time!
Very enjoyable, thanks
Somerset Maughan had a touch of genius.  His stories are quite simple, corny even but how  they describe life.   Beautifully acted by some  great British actors.  The ship's crew was perfectly casted.  Englishman ,  Irishman,  Scotsman and  Frenchman (well not really). You might remember  John Laurie as the "the dour Scot"   in Dad's Army.  Good to see him as a young man here.
I love old British films of this period, and some American ones. Why don't they put some of these on TV instead of all those mediocre modern ones?
Is rather watch 50 movies like this than 1 from today, I thought I hated movies but these are splendid
What a brilliant actor Nigel Patrick was.Would have loved to have known his reaction to the early sixties New Wave.
The ladder scene is brilliant, thanks
pretentious snobs, their way of talking makes one sick.
A lovely film, to transport one away from the ugly 21st century.
whats this about?
These shorts remind me of my local politician, he is tedious and boring too.
My mother (a Canadian) worked for British Intelligence during WWII in the US. She had an extensive Maugham library that I would dip into from time to time growing up. I understood that what he wrote had implications but couldn't figure out what they were!
Delightful film. Loved all three episodes, but the second one about Ms Reid is wonderful. What a treat, many thanks for sharing this beauty.
Thanks for the upload:  a very good copy of a very good film ! Very good acting, and the different Directors are also either satisfactory or good. I didn't know any of these stories by S. Maugham, so it was very rewarding.   Shared on Google+
Wonderful movie and love the British
I recognized that voice instantly. The high diver is the childrens mother on Mary Poppins.
There's no flow. The film seems as an unrelated trilogy. Some old man, whom seems to take himself too seriously, breaks in, interrupts the story and talks about the fact that he apparently considers himself a writer. I believe his name is William something. I guess that's the good ole British humor showing through.
ahhhh the golden years.
Most families have someone like Nigel Patrick in them
2nd story re: middle-aged gabby woman that nobody likes. Seems to me that taken in small doses she'd be quite sweet. So a tea shop is the perfect business for her.
the dialog and acting in Winter Cruise was superb ..I really enjoyed this thanks so much
If there is a second prize for voices it might go to...Ronald Colman? But Herbert Marshall was unusual in more than one way. So for me, the way he sounded... nailed it, spot on!
Loved The Razor's Edge and now this gem.  Thank you very much!
Super. Love Maugham.
The last one was a tad weak tho.'
really good film,i love old b/w films.
English subtitles available on  Opensubtitles
From IMDb: "The film is made from three short stories by W. Somerset Maugham. The first, "The Ant and the Grasshopper" concerns the trials and tribulations a ne'er-do-well brother, Tom Ramsey, puts his prim-and-proper businessman brother, George Ramsey through. The escapades that drive George to absolute distraction eventually wins the hand of the world's third richest girl, Margaret Vyne, for shiftless Tom; "Winter Cruise" finds the crew of a cargo boat becoming unglued by the endless chatter of a spinster passenger named Miss Reid. In a desperate attempt to silence the prattling busybody, the ship's officers browbeat a French steward, Pierre into making love to her. The results provide some astounding surprises for the officers, Pierre, and, for certain, Miss Reid; In "The Gigolo and the Gigolette" segment, beautiful daredevil Stella Cotman, who entertains the jaded guests of a resort hotel by diving nightly from an eighty-foot platform into a flaming tank, is losing her nerve."
Good Movie thank you.
Winter Cruise was absolutely rivetting

- via YTPak(.com)
Another British film gem. Somerset Maugham is the icing on the cake. Thank you very much!
I enjoyed the first two films, I wasn't too keen on the third. :-)
Thank you for posting this! I have been a Maugham fan for the last 20 odd years or so. Through his writing Maugham endeared himself to millions around the world; I am not English but I can relate to him, and find through his writings a kindred spirit. The wide international appeal that Maugham continues to enjoy, must be something that the British can take a lot of pride in. It is through great authors like him that people around the world marveled about Britain and its outputs: literature, poetry, even industrial products. What makes a nation a world leader is its  ability to transcend the narrow confines of race, national boundary and ethnocentric strait jacket. I am sure, a great author like Maugham would never have subscribed to the ethnocentric comments that, sadly,  I came across here. Nobility and cosmopolitanism were championed by some of his best known works!
Great to see live footage of the man. The villa in the South of France looks absolutely enchanting!
Great Somerset Mougham!
I like when Maugham appears - either as himself, or portrayed by lovely Herbert Marshall..such great fun!!
Charming characters, witty dialogue, delightful situations, and intelligent plots.  Who needs more to be entertained by film???  Thank you, Arrinna, for uploading this!
Three great stories.
Brits are the best
Miss Reid reminds me of Hilda Ogden!
Heather Thatcher!
Anyone know the song they're singing in the Winter Cruise? "I know she likes me, i know she likes me, because she said so, she is my lily, she is my (rose?)"
I love this movie.  I agree  I also love British movies... these British actors are so awesomely beautiful and handsome!
But Tom is so unattractive....  Sad.
This is a great flick!  I am an Anglophile and a film buff, so this is a great find.  Thanks for these films!
Really, Beth! British boys haven't worn "knee-pants" to school for years! Visit Glasgow or Belfast, they don't talk like "creampuffs" there.
I had my doubts, but since I enjoyed W. Somerset Maugham's "The Razors Edge" (the original, not the chessy remake with Bill Murray), I gave this one a chance. I'm glad I did. My favorite episode was "Winter Cruise." My second was "The Ant and the Grasshopper." Last but surely not least, "Gigolo and Gigolette." I never realized how pretty Glynis Johns was. Give this one a watch. I think you'll love it.
401875 1175 80 0 236
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044586/
PT1H25M10S
sd
MovieID::::899
I've always felt Angelo Moore was a borderline Aspie.  He's a great performer no doubt but
he's also very odd.
Massive respect for Fishbone.
I think the fact that Fishbone never got their due is what makes us ambassadors out of all of us who were passionately into their music and their live performances.  Can you think of any other band where celebrities go out of their way to insert them into their work?
(a) Marlon Wayans wears a Fishbone shirt in the movie Mo' Money
(b) John Cusack wore Fishbone shirt in Say Anything and is seen holding one in Hot Tub Time Machine
(c) Tim Robbins wears a Fishbone shirt near the end of Bull Durham
(d) A character in the TV show Northern Exposure (Ed Chigliak) wears a Fishbone shirt in an episode
(e) ...and there's probably many more.
Fishbone...far superior musical construct...in every way!...soul stirring
Great Music !! "Should Have Been So Much Bigger" !!? So True, Just Like The Guitarist Rocky George. He Should Be On Top List Of Rock / Punk / Metal Guitar Fans... He's in My Top Five.Love The Music He Did With Suicidal Tendencies ! There's Band and Artist That Don't Get Big... SO WHAT !! IT'S GOOD MUSIC ANYWAY and IT INSPIRES ARTISTS And Me. How Many Good Artist Were Left In The Shade ???  If I Say Piggy D'Amour, Do Any Know Him ?? He Inspired Members of Sonic Youth, Killing Joke.. So FISHBONE !
On KROQ There Is No Color Lines In The World Of Alternative, Funk, Grunge, Independent, Modern Rock, Modern Pop, New Wave, Or Punk EveryBody & I Mean EveryBody Can Listen To KROQ Even The African Americans Cause After 40 Years They Are Still The Station That FishBone, Onigo Boingo, Alanis Morrisette, & The Red Hot Chili Peppers True Superstars, & Another Thing That KROQ Do Is To Be Alternative Cause LA's Already Got A Hip-Hop Radio Station & That Is A.M. Stereooooooo KDAY!
First, I apologize for the unforgivable sin of misspelling the station's ID letters. Second, if alternative is the reason, then Fishbone would have fit right in. Why do these type stations play Cult of Personality by Living Colour? Note: Colour is spelled incorrect but correct.

I am not sure their reason for not playing Fishbone. I will say the target audience for stations such as KROQ is white males. If there is any hint of racism, I see it coming more from the audience than the stations.


1st Of All It's KROQ & Not KROC & 2nd The Real Why They Didn't Play Run-D.M.C. & Public Enemy & The S1W's It's Because They're Not Alternative Enough!
Is it the industry or the audience? Why is that on KROC  they play the Beastie Boys, but not Run DMC or Public Enemy who actually had moments where they played with white acts?
It was kind of the same with Killing Joke. Another original band who transended a lot of genres but never made it huge but inspired a lot of artists.
And Mr. Bungle also came with an already established fan base from people who were really into Faith No More.
Has nothing to do with being Black. If anything  like a lot of Jazz, opera, classical, blues, funk. It doesn't matter how good it is it's whether it has commercial appeal. Look at Living Colour they made it huge and they were all black, and amazing musicians but they were also very accessible. Fishbone were like a lot of great bands like Voivod who were just so over everyone elses heads that the mainstream didn't get them. As strange as Primus were they were also accessible.
Is it true that they'll only play Sunless Saturday on a Saturday?
Saw them live last June and they were fucking amazing....no joke at all. One of the best live bands
@MrShayneOneill

Maybe you should research the history rather than rely on something as removed from reality as your own imagination.

It's been well documented that they were poorly managed and marketed in the 80's.... a time when they had the best chance to make it big.
Fishbone has no equal.  I have been fortunate enough to see them live dozens of times.  I am smart enough not to try to categorize them.  I am humble enough to appreciate them musically (yep-I'm a bass player who considers Norwood to be God-like).  I am not sure why anyone WANTS them to be a "BIG" mainstream corporate music indy whore-band.  I guarantee that they will be able to sustain themselves on loyal fans like ME!  PLUS-they aren't a bunch of druggies waiting for their "ROCK STAR" exit...
@MrShayneOneill Living Colour got huge and they were all black dudes... Truth is I don't agree that they are obscure. Everyone that grew up in the 90's listening to good music knows about Fishbone! But they certainly deserved much more than being just a legendary alternative band.
@MrShayneOneill Of course you're right, Red Hot Chilli Peppers blew up worldwide, and, frankly, they stole so much of their sound directly from fishbone.
@MrShayneOneill

It's not just the race issue, it is the in that they aren't a band that can be easily categorized. Their music was ahead of it's time; but now I think they would fit right in. With so many acts out there that fuse different styles of music and black folks starting to be more accepted in what some consider "non-black" genres they could see deserved commercial success. I just listen to bands like TV on the Radio and Janelle Monae and I hear Fishbone.
been seeing them since 1985!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This movie was GREAT!  I can't wait for the DVD. I'm getting it the day it drops!
FISHBONE Kicks Mutha F*kin Ass !!!
More people need to experience this band. They really DO defy a simple explanation. Even my black friends don't know much about them.
Fishbone! Still rockin', jivin', jazzin', funkin, hip-hoppin', soul-stompin' and whatever-it-is they're doin' after all these years. Come to Manila. We need ya over here!
Just saw them in Fresno yesterday and they were so great! I'm converted.
I´d love to see this movie! Sadly, Im in Norway, and its not available anywhere :( :(
27293 121 0 0 30
A clip from the upcoming documentary of the great band Fishbone.

Made by Chris Metzler, Lev Anderson and narrated by Laurence Fishburne.

http://www.fishbonedocumentary.com/
PT4M45S
hd
MovieID::::900
love her, love her eyes. can't wait to see this movie which airs on TCM today!
Blonde hair did her WONDERS!!
Is this be available for VOD Purchase ?
GREAT STUFF!!
sorry, that was a dull movie.
love pre-code films with good scripts, but this film has nothing really interesting to offer.
final score 50/100 and I'm quite generous ;)
true glamour
Bette makes anything watchable, even  a routine Warner programmer like this one!!!
6290 46 1 0 8
Purchase Forbidden Hollywood Volume 7 here: http://bit.ly/13Hb6uq

Loose women. Unscrupulous heels. Adulterous husbands. Unfaithful wives. Pre-Code Hollywood had them all, with most sins going unpunished. Starring Edward G. Robinson, Bette Davis, Loretta Young and quintessential screen scoundrel Warren William in two of his best, Forbidden Hollywood: Volume Seven shines the spotlight on four of the era's most scandalous sizzlers. The Hatchet Man (1932): A Tong executioner (Robinson) allows his wife (Young) to run off with a gangster only to learn she's been sold into prostitution. Skyscraper Souls (1932): A financier (William) stops at nothing to gain control of a 100-story office building and a "naïve" Maureen O'Sullivan. Employees' Entrance (1933): A tyrannical department store manager (William) chases after profits and Loretta Young. Ex-Lady (1933): An artist (Davis) who doesn't believe in marriage reluctantly weds her lover (Gene Raymond) only to discover he's seeing another woman.

------
1,000+ Rare films, TV movies, and series on DVD direct from the Studio.
http://www.warnerarchive.com
PT3M
sd
MovieID::::901
Thanks!  We tried to pack it full of all the good stuff!!

Explosions, drug use, sex scenes, nudity, grotesque violence AND gratuitous use of the F word?????? Dude Im THERE!!!!!!!!
May 25th 2013 I believe
May 25th of this year I believe
Hopefully Soon :)
Looks sick!! Where can I see this movie!
9584 17 2 0 7
Kane Hodder stars in this soon to be release tribute to American Grind House and Slasher Films.
For uncensored Red Band Trailer visit http://www.sicklemovie.com
More information & updates http://www.facebook.com/sicklemovie
Check out promo/ behind the scenes pics on http://www.flickr.com/photos/sicklemovie/
PT2M16S
sd
MovieID::::902
do you have a site ? to watch this or could you upload this ?
I LOVE JENNA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who plays the song that's playing through the trailer ??
I wanna see this!
this looks real good!!! <33333333333
6034 10 0 0 5
1 min. trailer for upcoming feature "Falling Awake" starring Andrew Cisneros, Jenna Dewan and Nestor Serrano.  With Nick Gonzalez, Flaco Navaja, Michael Rivera, Julie Carmen and Gerald Bunsen.  A Film by Agustin.  Produced by Andrew Adelson.  Presented by MegaFilms and CinemaLab.  Only in theaters September 18th, 2009
PT1M3S
sd
MovieID::::903
Sighet in NOT in Hungary! It is located in Romania, Maramures county.
Great movie !
where can I find an English one?
74792 80 4 0 5
Information about the movie on http://www.trailerfan.com/movie/out-of-the-ashes-2003

Drama, USA, 2003, 120 min.

Directed by Joseph Sargent

Starring Christine Lahti, Beau Bridges, Richard Crenna, Bruce Davison, Jonathan Cake, Jolyon Baker, Jessica Beitchman, Oliver Cotton, Michelle Fine, Zoie Palmer, Maria Ricossa, Ingrid Veninger, Nina Young, Adrija Cepaite-Palsauskiene, Nola Augustson, Alan Jordan (I), Judah Katz, Monika Biciunaite, Viola Klimciauskaite, Geoff Parish, Christopher Britton (II), Mark Ellis (II), Lenny Panzer, Craig Gardner (I), Lina Budzeikaite, Rimantas Bagdzevicius, Arturas Orlauskas, Ramunas Abukevicius, Egle Mikulionyte, Andrius Kurienius, Oscar Paul Trepanier, Janina Matiekonyte, Kiran Friesen, Sandy Wayne Robson, Edie Inksetter, Deborah Tennant, Ervinas Peteraitis
PT51S
sd
MovieID::::904
Candyman was a Clive Barker film/creation.
1043 7 1 0 1
The Prophecy: Forsaken directed by Joel Soisson, written by John Sullivan. Following the events of the previous film, Allison (reprised by Kari Wührer) is still protecting the Lexicon, an ancient book that will foretell the name of the coming Antichrist, from renegade angels called Thrones who are led by a sinister character called Stark (Tony Todd). Allison is assisted by Dylan (Jason Scott Lee), a contract killer, who was actually hired to kill Allison but after an epiphany decides to help her instead. Allison also seeks help from Lucifer (reprised by John Light) who explains that the Lexicon is going to name the anti-Christ in a matter of hours.
PT10M46S
hd
MovieID::::905
Wiseman is a God Level filmmaker
Is this the orginal?
The woman at 0:54 is stunning!
mi piacerebbe vederlo!
172036 287 10 0 7
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
National Gallery Official Trailer 1 (2014) - Documentary HD

National Gallery takes the audience behind the scenes of a London institution, on a journey to the heart of a museum inhabited by masterpieces of Western art from the Middle Ages to the 19th century. National Gallery is the portrait of a place, its way of working and relations with the world, its staff and public, and its paintings. In a perpetual and dizzying game of mirrors, film watches painting watches film.
PT1M53S
hd
MovieID::::906
Che yo acabo de verla y me encantó.  No me pareció predecible para nada, el final es mortal y fue un giro inesperado completamente. Lo único que diría que es una cagada son los nenes que actúan como el ojete.
y nadie dice nada que paso con los 100 000 dolares, el boludo de darin deja que la ex se los lleve asi no mas? y que fue de la voz de la secuestradora, en que momento reparten el botin con la belen rueda
? y los nenes asi no mas se van con una desconocida sabiendo q su adorado padre los espera abajo para ir al colegio? jalado de los pelos el argumento, un poco ridiculo, no me gusto mucho esta peli.
el 90% de la pelicula se da en ese edificio.. pelicula barata, no gastaron ni en locaciones ni en balas ni en elenco, solo 4 gatos... de las peorcitas que le he visto a darin, una pena, gran actor....
supongo rodar esta pelicula habra costado 10 mil dolares a lo mucho.
Qué película berreta por favor! Muy predecible y muy DESAPROVECHADA. Cualquiera que haya visto una película de suspenso en su vida resuelve todo el misterio a los 20 minutos, muy poco original. Podrían haber hecho muchísimo más con la trama, pero la dejaron en algo que uno dice "Eso es todo? Me están jodiendo?". Hay películas hechas por gente a las que les gusta hacer películas, y hay películas hechas por gente que solo quiere ganar plata. Es muy fuerte la sensación de que, cuando habían escrito más o menos el final de la película, los tipos dijeron "Bueno ya fue hacé que esto termine así y asá y listo, si total a esta altura la gente ya pagó la entrada".
Alguien sabe cuales son las canciones de la pelicula?
muy buena peli, le doy un 8...me gustó mas que "Tesis sobre un homicidio"
muy buena peli, le doy un 8...me gustó mas que "Tesis sobre un homicidio"
exelente actor
todos los que vimos la fabulosa "Búsqueda Frenética" con Harrison Ford, nos encontramos con argumento trillado con una esposa poco preocupada por sus hijos (obvio final muy incompleto). Vale la pena para verla cuando no hay nada para hacer. Lo mejor: el director y Ricardo Darin. Lo peor: podría decir que la película
Esa peli es basura
Me encanto! Excelente música, excelentes tomas, planos, muy buena, me dá nervios la situación....muy buenos actores le pongo un.9
Para mi muy buena, pero a lo último creo que si bien es un final algo previsible (si se piensa un poco) le faltó ajustar un par de cositas. Igualmente recomendable.
El trailer te vende humo. Nunca pensé que iba a decir esto de una película que trabaja Darin, es MALISIMA. Y soy de las que ama el cine argentino!
El personaje de Darin cansa... encaren chicos. Igualmente mi puntaje es de 6.75 de 10.
Muy buena película.... Yo apoyo al cine argentino. Como siempre un lujo...
El trailer es mejor que la pelicula...
Darin volve a filmar con Campanella, por favor!!!
Solo a mi no me gustó esa película? QUE HORROR.
Al fin una película grabada en Argentina en que no dicen malas palabras... Que bueno! No todo está perdido todavía, ojalá siga así. Muy linda película, creo que pasan cosas similares en la realidad, y es como cuando uno se pregunta: ¿Hasta que tan lejos es capaz de llegar una persona sin importarle nada?
Blanco y negro la verdad sos un estupido/a contar el final eso es mala leche !!!! pobrecito !!
como que se parece a la pelicula a la pelicua de michael douglas, ni una palabra... puede ser? que la hija desaparece en la casa?
Ya pasó tiempo. ¿La podrían pasar completa? Muchas gracias.
Si sale Belén Rueda habrá que ir a verla, porque esta chica no para de hacer trabajos bien hechos.
belen rueda es una milf de esas.
Deseando ver la película
No puedo ver a esa mujer sin acordarme de "un, dos, tres... toca la pared" aaaaaaarggggggggggg, piel de gallina.-
DAVID OSCARI muy bien!!!!  ojo de loca no se equivoca ;)
DAVID OSCARI, muy bien!!! ojo de loca no se equivoca!!!  ;)
Tiene una pinta buenísima. Iré a verla sin duda.
exelente!
ya la quiero ver :D
NO FUE EL PORTERO. LA CULPABLE ES BELEN RUEDA ( la mama)  QUE YO YA LA VI.
Una basura,propaganda de una hora y media del VERYCHIP.
La verdad que me re soprendio. Esta muy pero muy buena la peli, le hace frente a cualquier produccion yankee. Y eso que yo no soy de ir a ver peliculas argentinas al cine porque soy de prejuzgar, pero me anime con esta y quede re copado.
Esta tendria que ir a representar a la Argentina a los Oscars y no Wakolda, que esta buena pero no le llega ni a los talones a Septimo.
No digas boludeces. La mejor película del cine argentino sin dudas es Rambito y Rambón !
Te Quiero Belén !!!
y vos tenes mucha naturalidad cuando hablas, cuando te moves, hasta un chino se da cuenta que sos gay!
Vos tampoco me cerras, no se si sos hombre o homosexual nose la verdad.
muy mala peli che, la acabo de ver, muchas cosas inconclusas, todo predescible, .. la verdad para no verla.
boludo es luna de avellaneda,el secreto de sus ojos,la que hacia de chorro con gaston pauls,SIEMPRE LO MISMO DARIN!!! LABURA LADRON
La película es la mejor del cine argentino! sin dudas!!
Es Mangeri, nabo.
Pero, boludo... Desapareció a sus hijos!
Ayer fui a verla! Resulta muy dificil subirle la apuesta a Darin. Luego de Carancho, Elefante blanco, Secreto de tus ojos o El hijo de la novia es dificil salir de la sala cien por cien satisfecho!
En esta peli el guion resulta pobre para Darin xq sabemos puede rendir personajes mas complejos. No obstante me parece copado q el cine Nacional incurra en pelis de suspenso. La fotografia es buena. Los tiempos estan muy bien manejados. Quiza falta contenido en la trama. Aprobadisimaa en mi opinion
Fui a verla, exelente. Lleva más de tres semanas en cartelera, cosa linda el cine nacional.
Una de las mejores peliculas que vi en el cine y en mi vida.
fue el padrastro...
PELICULON! LA VI AYER EN EL GOUMONT. BUENISIMA! TE PONE RE DURO TODO LO Q DURA
entonces anda a ver esa pelicula y deja de comentar pelotudeces aca
Comento algo parecido en mi crítica, la cual te invito a que veas en mi canal. ;)
Yo tambien! Viste SiN Señal ya?
Busquen "Chantaje" con Gerald Butler y van a ver la misma historia. Simplemente es una copia... de mala calidad.
personalmente darin es un icono argentino temendo....y no hay con que darle.....la camara lo adora....y y belen rueda.....es un icono español tremendo tambien....la vi en unas cuantas...en su pais y en el mio y no hay con que darle....la pelicula tiene que ser MUY BUENA!!!!!!!! sin lugar a dudas

debe ser un peliculon
Yo apoyo al cine argentino... ¿Y vos?
Comparto tu comentario, si bien no conozco mucho de cine argentino (Soy mexicana :D) el tráiler es muy bueno. Hoy voy a ver la película y mañana subiré mi critica. Te invito a que la veas.
vos te pensás que busqueda implacable es la primer película en la que el protagonista busca a un hijo que le secuestraron?? Salame!

Además, hasta donde yo tengo entendido el personaje de Darín no es un ex agente de la CIA como en busqueda implacable, no lo veo resolviendo el problema de la misma manera la verdad...
Nada q ver busqyeda implacable es d una adolescente estos son niños creo
se ve muy buena ya quiero que se estrene

bldo es en el segundo video que comentas lo mismo.. la primera te lo deje pasar, pero esto ya es muy fuerte. A comprarse una vida ;)
Si este te parece uno de los mejores trailers nacionales, entonces mirate este otro trailer que es tambien de una proxima pelicula de Darin, llamada: "Relatos Salvajes", dirigida por: Damian Sifron (Los Simuladores), miralo y despues me decis cual de estos 2 trailers es el mejor que viste en tu vida, aca te dejo el link de youtube:   /watch?v=7REQSFZNJeQ
hay que reirse?
Fue Mangieri!!!!!

El trailer esta muy bueno.. dejen de criticar!!!
Las escenas no parecen muy llamativas, claro es una opinion totalmente subjetiva, pero siempre pense q los argentinos no sabiamos hacer trailers, y creo no equivocarme cuando digo que es uno de los mejores trailers que vi en mi vida..
es el mismo, lo que pasa es que el director de arte dijo que se fué al baño y hace 2 años que no regresó, tuvimos que hacer la película igual.
ajajaj sos un hijo de ...
Es más de lo mismo pero bien hecho, prefiero esto y no la basura clásica argentina con sonido paupérrimo o con audio gallego q no se les entiende ni J!!!!!!!
Jajajaja, ni forro
Esa es mi casaaaaa lololol
no se si Mangieri, pero un portero seguro q fue!! jajaja
JUAS       JUAS
En un mundo, sorete como en el que vos vivís, a lo nenes chicos los raptan todos lo días, pero con una diferencia:

Cuando los secuestrás, les podés chupar la vida, volverte super juerte y romperlo todo.

(Música de fondo dramática)
Ahora, Richard Daring, devoto padre de dos niños (tiene 4), deverá enfrentar viento y marea y surcar cielo y tierra, para encontrarlos, in saber que todo el tiempo estaban escondidos en el piso...
(La músca alcanza su clímax)
Séptimo.

Próximamente, solo en delfines.
si lo ves en youtube esta muy bueno, pero cuando yo lo vi en el cine al trailer me parecio muy exagerado, muy de pelicula yanki, porque los sonidos cada vez que aparecen las palabras en la pantalla son muy fuertes y graves, como si fuera una pelicula hollywoodense del apocalipsis o algo asi
creo no estar equivocado cuando digo que este es el mejor trailer que se hizo en el cine Argentino, muy buena edicion, muy buen sonido. ahora solo hay que esperar la pelicula
350910 403 44 0 96
SÉPTIMO trailer oficial

Ricardo Darín y Belén Rueda protagonizan SÉPTIMO un thriller sobre la fragilidad de muchas realidades que asumimos como cotidianas, y sobre lo cerca que estamos del monstruo mas terrible al que todos debemos enfrentarnos: aquel que llevamos dentro.

El 5 de septiembre se estrena en todos los cines de Argentina.

Conocé más de esta película en http://www.facebook.com/peliculasdeFOX
PT1M28S
hd
MovieID::::907
were can I finds this movie....folks???Thank you whoever react,,,very interesting one'''!!!
grretchen ross after she never met donnie darko
Just saw the movie.  I was completely engrossed from beginning to end.
Release the score already!!!
Mmmmm.  I smell toest!
Trailers nowadays either tell you to much or leave you with wtf. This would be wtf. Cause it tells you nothing so why bother.
haha I've never seen so many people complain of pretentiousness. Makes them seem so... pretentious. :P
Alrighty then!
Alrighty then!
The Wait is full of waiting, mostly waiting for it to end.  It's pretentious and astronomically dull.
is this like a remake of Nell or something? lol
It should say Acadamey award winner and Dick Suckor Chloe Sevigny
too interesting...bookmarked
Lovely trailer :)
This looks really interesting
Soooo WTF is this movie about?
shitttt movie
What is the name of the song ?
Quite possibly the most boring, pretentious, misleading trailer I have seen for a while. Why are the first 20 seconds credits. Mumbled dialogue. Just dross.
110768 205 23 0 27
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
The Wait Official Trailer 1 (2014) - Jenna Malone, Chloë Sevigny Thriller HD


Two sisters decide to keep their deceased mother in their home after being informed that she will come back to life.
PT1M55S
hd
MovieID::::908
What song is this?
This looks like a ripoff of The Craft.
Just watch The Craft and save some time.
WTF? This movie is STUPID! Trying to be the next Craft flick, and fails miserably. lol
Wtf did i just watch
where i can download this movie? on ed2k there isn't
DAFUQ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
69705 74 23 0 10
Low Budget B-Horror movie! You will be surprised who starred in this cult classic.
Six misfit schoolgirls at an all-girl Catholic high school, left alone at the school for Easter week, get mixed up with the occult and witchcraft after an old Satanic temple is found underneath the church where they attend as well as an old book of black magic spells for conjuring up an ancient demon from the pits of Hell. Jamie, the most characteristic and cruelest of the girls, takes charge of the group and plots to resurrect the demon using a series of black arts spells, while one innocent girl, Faith, has a change of heart and tries to stop them from completing their spell which also includes a human sacrifice.
PT3M45S
sd
MovieID::::909
the kg in a nutshell
I think I was like 7 when I first saw this movie and I think it was on Netflix but I was obsessed with alice in wonderland and then saw this movie,and even at 7 I couldn't even make it through it was so boering so I decided to rewatch it and see what i think now.Wish me luck!
this will be the BEST movie of all time!!!
XD
A must watch if you want eye cancer.
I've watched the first 10 minutes, now I'm obligated to finish it.
This movie is cancer! I searched up Alice in Murderland (the manga from Kaori Yuki) and found this...thing...
Alice was HOT! I would like to murder her anus with my love gun!
Wow. This made me wanna shit vomit out my ass.
This is not even a real movie it's so shitty
So this isn't a porno ... Sad
This movie actually gave me cancer.
R u joking this movie is so crappy
nothing happens in this movie!
This movie is the most glorious trainwreck I've ever watched
I absolutely love alice in wonderland and Iv always like the movies but this movie sucked so much fucking ass that I don't even know how to explain the acting was absolutely horrible like yeah I just killed about 4 people don't freak out or call the cops just tie me to the chair -.- fucking awful
This movie looks really shit like not just the plot but the quality and everything.
This isn't a B-movie, it's more like a Z-movie
till 0:40 i seriously thought this was a porn movie..
Brittany looks like Tay Allyn, anyone with me?
DO NOT WATCH THIS its extremely bad
Yea, i cannot believe i bought and watched that movie cause of the "Murderland" :'(
Speaking of Jabberwocky, I'll buy the dragon mask that matches the killer's & make the black robe. The 1st killer in this film wore a black cloth mask with a lace tied around the neck. Seen wearing the 1st cloth mask when the killer killed Alice's mother, then 20 years later, another killer (a copycat) murder both the owner of the Glass house & a guy in the basement with the same mask, before donning the dragon mask.
I love this movie, it's sexy bad-ass type of my horror history. No porn it, just girls in sexy Alice in Wonderland costumes & a homicidal Jabberwocky killer.
was great film
Seems really bad..
Just watched this movie and I loved it. Nothing like a good B horror movie on a late weekend night. lol Blockbuster said it is from 2011, but it has that 80s feel to it that your mainstream movies cant capture anymore.
This is a stupid movie
omygerd i remember this movie!
Oh so you only like the movies where murders are real?
Worst movie ever. It looks like a high school film class made it. And the scenes where someone gets murdered is completley fake. Just warning you, don't watch this movie it sucks
Is just one of those movies that is so bad that is good, but still bad, just get a couple of buddies and enjoy the ride cause is a funny one hahahaha!!! =XD
How the fuck did this shit get on Netflix? xD
I was going to watch this but now that I see the comments im not
this movie sucked -.-
What in the hell!?!?!?
Netflix f*** you
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh boring -_- !!!
Es la pelicula mas mierdaaa que he visto, las actuaciones pesimas y la camara pa grabarla parecen que la compraron en walmart, senda mierda la pelicula esta -.-
its freaking me out~!LOL!!!
By the way,is this one directed by zionist spielberg?
Corpse white girls are such whores.The west is perverted and cheap.
Llegue al minuto 9:00 y lo saque con todo el asco ... jamas vi tan malas actuaciones por favorrr! ni hablar de la rubia que encima es la actriz principal!
B or Z films? Seems like those cheap movie that use hot ladies to draw attention thats about it. Makes u think theres gona be lots ass penetration, but there isn't any. Im just gona watch PORN!
Damn.This must be the best movie ever!
I would prefer "Malice in Lalaland"
I saw this movie and I laughed the whole time! It was hilarious! :) No here near scary!
thumbs up for "malice in lalaland" ... if you know what i mean!
im in the gay part of youtube again -_-
Some of the worst acting, and those are the good bits.
lol at the name

epic trailer voice ftw
If this were any cheesier it would actually be cheddar.

@LilyMoth12 Borrow it from owain2222, i'm sure he won't be watching it again for a very very long time :D
@nexxamu lol
@LilyMoth12 yes sadly its real. yes sadly i have the movie


dat ass 0:57
that was fucking stupid
That's the worst trailer I've ever watched ...
...this looks like a cheap porno without the porn.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
113080 112 138 0 71
http://braindamagefilms.com/dvd/horror/slasher/alice-in-murderland/
It's Alice's birthday and her sorority girl friends throw her a themed party. Everyone comes as their favorite, sexy character from Wonderland. The Jabberwocky wasnlt invited and brings murder and mayhem to the girl's night out.
PT1M14S
sd
MovieID::::910
aneurin barnard looks hot but every thing else is a shit in hell hole sorry but it is true
Love this movie thought it was full of a bit of everything thrown in to make the perfect movie
I didn't watch the trailer before viewing this but the premise/plot seemed really fun. IDMB calls it Elfie Hopkins: Cannibal Hunters, but it's really more like last 10 minute hunters. As a detective, she's stupid and the guy does most of the work. Let's just say cannibals as smart and rich as they were, wouldn't be so obvious with what they are doing. Also, she blurts out killer like a dozen times right to these people's face begging to be murdered.

Also, no need to watch this movie as the "trailer" is the movie i a two minute synopsis and you see every killing. Suffice to say, it was crap.
Very entertaining film!  There are a couple of contrived moments that don't make sense; it would have been a stronger film without them. Primarily, the Gammons insisting upon parking in the driveway, in full view, instead of using their garage . . . no matter what it might be they were doing; and the last minute or so of the climax.  Also, sorry, but I can't buy a 28-year-old as a teenager. That'll take some suspension of disbelief.  Overall, though, a fun, somewhat over-the-top flick.
I loved this film aswell
she is 28 not fucking middle aged
I loved it ur  like one of the only people who like it, half these peeps think its crap.
ive watched this film its really good and worth watching!!
yh fuk the bitch
just watched the whole movie in 2min...but seems like a ok movie
Did anyone else notice that the girl playing Elfie looked middle aged rather then a teenager? She has a fat squat body like women have after menopause and her face has flabby cheeks and a weak chin and noticeable squint and frown lines. She is at least thirty. Why didn't they hire someone younger and more talented to play the role? THEN it could have been a good movie. But she just ruins it. Completely. Maybe British people just don't know how to cast good actors.
Ah. Now Thats finally making some sense. I wondered why they wrote a whole movie for some talentless bitchy malcontent of a girl. I bet they wrote it to suit her personality. That scowl is probably how she looks in real life. I hope she overdoses soon.
Good for you, bitch.
Not the ones that made this sorry piece of trash. Its got some decent actors, but the script is pure shit, the girl in the lead is awful. Her face never changes. You have to look at that ugly sour expression for the whole hour. And where is her neck? Its like her shoulders swallowed the thing up. If you have to see it do it online for free. It doesn't deserve to make a single dollar. Or pound.
looks shit, seems ray winstone is just trynna give his daughter a boost because no one else wants her
Great,  now I don't have to watch the movie,  they showed it all.
dont fink so
*Do the British even think before making a movie?
Does british even think before making a movie?
Yeah giving everything away  including the "twist"....this is an awful trailer and more like the whole movie in 2 mins!
SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT.......SHIT!!!
I saw that I wanted to leave in the first 5 mins. Everyone in the thearter burst out laughing at the ending.
It had some some of the worst wtf is going on moments ive lost count.
Saw a special screenings of this. Worst movie ive seen in years
Alright Ray.
Looks amazing!
Yeh a bit predictable though
was just thinking the same, looks decent though
Given way too much away!
Looks pretty good!
@mrkenray Thanks :3
@ace0980 The Victorian English Gentlemens Club - 'Bag of Meat'
I think they shouldn't had given the cannibal fact away that easily.
any one know the song in the trailer, it sounds familiar?


Very 80's it reminds me of the movie Heather's :)
Can't wait to see this....it has cult classic written all over it x
84095 58 14 0 36
An aspiring teen detective stumbles into her first real case, when investigating the mysterious new family in her neighborhood.



Director:Ryan Andrews

Writers:Ryan Andrews (story), Riyad Barmania (story)

Stars:Ray Winstone, Kimberley Nixon and Steven Mackintosh
PT2M7S
sd
MovieID::::911
Michael J. Pollard!
This reminds me of the amityville horror.
still better then the strangers
""it happened in 1933... then it happened again" ....WHAT HAPPENED???
This film is on DVD actually Blu-Ray with a great Pierce film The a Town that Dreaded Sundown.
While not exactly an awful film, it will not leave you "weak with terror". That will not happen. Let's be clear about that.  To be fair to Chuck Pierce, Boggy Creek II is his best-known movie - and also by far his worst.  His original Boggy Creek film from the early 70s is quite good in a sort of rough-as-guts almost 'found footage'-ish way.  He co-wrote the fourth Dirty Harry movie AND some claim he came up with the line 'Go ahead, make my day' for that flick.  Interesting guy,  Pierce. Slightly underrated as a director.  Boggy Creek II *is* shit, though. :)
it should be on the back of it. it says special bonus feature dvd only. thats what mine says.
get the town that dreaded sundown bluray and dvd combo pack. and it has it on there.
I actually found Boggy Creek 2 to be very entertaining
This movie is also on Netflix, if you'd like to know.
Your loss. All of his stuff before Boggy Creek 2 are top notch. Man was a fucking auteur.
Get ready. Shout! Factory's sub-label "Scream Factory" are releasing it next year on Blu-Ray/DVD.
That music was used in Creature from Black Lake. Is it stock music, or was it composed for Creature?
After seeing Boggy Creek 2 on MST3K, I'll try to avoid any of Chuckie Pierce's other films!
I feel kind of dumb actually, it was like "it happened in 1933... then it happened again... and again" and I was just going "um... what's happening exactly?"
I wuz evicted from my apartmint an that nevre hapened to me (xcept the rape part).
This should be remade as "In Foreclosure."
19386 69 3 0 25
Trailer for a US film.



Director: Charles B. Pierce

Starred: Vic Morrow, Jessica Harper



DVD: Bootlegs. No apparent official release.
PT1M37S
hd
MovieID::::912
8592 10 0 0 0
http://www.edsreview.com/chasing-christmas-2005

Jack Cameron (Tom Arnold) hates Christmas. In fact, he's banned it from his and his daughter's wife. It's because some years ago, his wife cheated on him with her dentist at their daughter's school pageant. Switch to a heavenly place where the director is instruction the ghosts, present (Andrea Roth) and past (Leslie Jordan) that Jack is their newest contact. But they are not the Christmas ghosts of Charles Dickens. In fact, they are pretty angry with him because he was told never to tell anyone what happened, and he wrote a book about it and embellished it pretty good. I guess the ghosts go visit a lost soul every year for over 2000 years now and Dickens was the only one who broke the rules and wrote about it. Anyway, Christmas Past is getting really tired of going back to the past, and wants to be alive again, so he breaks the rules, and strands Jack back in his past, so present is sent to the past to find them and try to bring them home. Turns out that he doesn't want to go back, and it turns into a brawl. If he doesn't get back by midnight, he'll cease to exist.

This modern take on the Christmas Carol story is a bit loony. The ghosts are normal people, and not at all like the traditional story goes. And things get all screwed up and twisted around in weird way. Since it's Tom Arnold, it's a bit silly. Ok, not a bit, it's a lot silly. This is good, maybe for a single viewing, but it's not something you're going to watch again and again. As much as I love the Christmas Carol story, I just can't get into this version. It was a nice try to freshen it and make it new again, but it's just so stupid that it doesn't cut it. I don't recommend this, unless you've never seen it, and you're a Tom Arnold fan.

For hundreds more of Ed's "Christmas on TV Project" holiday film reviews, come visit us at:  http://www.edsreview.com/eds-christmas-on-tv-project-2010-2011
PT4M26S
sd
MovieID::::913
RIP Ricky Bruch
9223 14 0 0 1
un film di e.b.clucher

la voce narrante è di pino locchi,doppiatore di giuliano gemma
PT3M9S
sd
MovieID::::914
2908 8 1 0 0
Subscribe to MovieTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/QcNd7j
More clips, photos, and news: http://bit.ly/R6lQQe

Follow Videodetective.com on facebook http://www.facebook.com/VideoDetective
Follow Videodetective.com on twitter http://twitter.com/VideoDetective

Subscribe to GameTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/RNaDlR
Subscribe to TVPromosByVD: http://bit.ly/Plupqf
Subscribe to MusicVideosByVD: http://bit.ly/Te5RuH

Director: Rory Kennedy
Cast: Robert F. Kennedy, Ethel Kennedy
Release Date: 10/18/2012
Studio: HBO Documentary Films
Rating:
PT1M32S
hd
MovieID::::915
1290 3 1 0 0
A wardrobe lady for a traveling theatrical company takes in a man wrongly accused of a crime, clears his name and delivers him to the girl he loves (silent-film). MPAA Rating: NOTRATED  (c) 1926 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All Rights Reserved. #Trailer #WB
PT2M50S
sd
MovieID::::916
Un "remake" très peu convaincant face à l'original, Daniel Auteuil n'a manifestement pas la "carrure" d'un  Raimu, loin s'en faut, les autres s'efforcent tellement de garder "l'asseng" au fil des dialogues, qu'ils en deviennent pathétiques, bref, un beau ratage, et une pâle copie qui n'aurait jamais du voir le jour.  Les Raimu, charpin, et même Orane Demazis et Pierre Fresnay (même si pour ces deux derniers on peut juger leur jeu, un peu trop "théatral") doivent se retourner dans leurs tombes.
J'ai énormément aimé ces deux films. Ils reprennent une trilogie culte et la respectent. Une image sublime et des dialogues savoureux, je ne comprends pas comment autant de personnes peuvent cracher dessus alors que c'est une bonne reprise et que ça permet de redécouvrir les vieux films. Car oui, c'est grâce à ces deux film que j'ai été voir les originaux. Alors la bande annonce peut ne pas donner envie certes, mais les films sont vraiment bon et les acteurs aussi ! Alors les puristes s'ils vous plaît, ouvrez un peu vos esprits et essayer de regarder les reprises comme de nouveaux films. Bref, laissez leurs leurs chances  :-)
(Je précise que ce sont mes grands-parents qui m'ont prêté leur coffret "Marius et Fanny " , mes grands-parents qui sont de grands grands fans du travail de Marcel Pagnol)
ahhhh I don't understand a word, that is soo sad :'''''(
Des parisiens qui parle le marseillais ... Aller, arrêtez vos coneries bande de fadas on touche pas a ce genre de film !
Pffff j'aime auteuil mai la il a touché a plus gros que lui.. On touche pas a ces films c'est impossible rien de vos l'original ...
le casting figuration par Franck JOUARD Casting, de bons souvenirs de tournages essentiellement à Marseille et Bry- sur-Marne avec une équipe des plus plaisante.
Pourquoi reprendre un chef d'oeuvre quand il est déjà parfait?? Sinon pour l'ecorcher? Ça ma fait mal au coeur rien qu'en voyant la bande annonce... quelle honte!
Pour info Fanny n'est ni Marseillaise ni Parigote , elle est né à Limoges (entre Paris et Toulouse vous savez la porcelaine et le CSP) donc une vraie Limougeaude na !!!
Est-ce que quelqu'un sait quand est-ce que que la bande sonore de Desplat sera disponible? Ou si elle sera disponible? Je l'espère elle est magnifique!
I surprised for Daniel Auteuil in first dercted film debut in base on "Marcel Pagnol's novel " in remake !!  good Job & good Luck " Monsieur Auteuil ".
c est cool ce filme mais moi je me appelle marius et dans ma classe (6eme) je une colegue qui s appelle fany
allors c est un signe. en tout cas ce filme est trop bon
Mais en fait, je trouve que l'avantage que ce film a et que la version originale (de 1930) n'a pas, c'est que je trouvais que la Fanny de la version originale (Orane Demazis) était vraiment moche... l'histoire a plus de sens si Fanny est attirante, non?
oublier les originaux,refaire mieux!!moi j'ai décidé de réécrire les symphonies de Beethoven et les sculptures de Rodin et,s'il me reste du temps(ya pas de raison!!!)je recommence la pyramide de kéops car comme ratage...hein!!??
La Mer de Charles Trénet. ;)
Comme son nom le dit la musique se nomme La Mer de Charles Trénet. ;)
J'irai peut-être alors :)

anyone knows the name of the soundtrack?
Je te confirme, ils sont très beaux! ça change de tous les films policiers qu'ils nous sortent perpétuellement, et ça nous replonge dans une autre époque!
Je suis allée le voir, et je trouve que ça vaut le coup :)
En tous cas, moi j'ai beaucoup aimé!
Il faut en premier regarder Marius et ensuite Fanny
oui elle est vraiment magnifique cette musique, je la cherche mais impossible de la trouver !!!
le premier qu'il faut voir c'est marius
ou sont les vrais marseillais??
des parigos qui prennent l'accent tssss
pour étre honnéte j'ai été tellement déçue par marius et je n'ai pas vu fanny, Personnaz me soule avec son accent mal imité et fanny je la trouve très cruche
My bad...
Vous avez raison ! J'ai vu le fim avant-hier pourtant. Pour l'instant que Marius donc. Pas mal, sauf l'accent de Personnaz...Une catastrophe.
Auteuil est à la hauteur, comme toujours !
Fanny vaut le coup ?
non marius, fanny et césar

Car dans marius elle friquote avec lui et se retrouve enceinte et dans fanny on voit à peine marius.

bref, je n'ai pas aimé, Auteuil est magnifique dans ce role ainsi que Darroussin et Chazel mais sinon très moyen
Non, l'ordre est Fanny Marius César
J'adore la musique de ce film ! on l'entend a partir de 1:05 minutes si vous savez comment elle s'appelle ...dites moi ! :)
Dommage que l'accent soit si mal imité...
Les films originaux restent des chef d'oeuvres c'est indiscutable, mais il faut savoir s'en détacher car ces 2 nouvelles versions méritent amplement d'être appréciées à leur juste valeur. Surtout qu'elles ont été réalisés par un fan de Pagnol. Honnêtement, ces 2 films sont magnifiques et bien fait en tout point. Il faut les voir en oubliant les originaux.
d'abord Marius puis Fanny
Remu reste Remu. Irremplaçable.
J'ai lu les oeuvres de Marcel Pagnol en ce  moment,je ne m'en lasse pas de les relire plusieurs fois
Ca m'a l'air d'être un beau film !

Je comprends pas personnellement cette lubie de faire des remakes !!! Manque d'idées ? Pourtant les "Jean de Florette" et "Manon des Sources" de Berry sont de vrais chef d’oeuvres mais bon... Yves Montand quoi ! Je penses pas non plus que le problème vienne du fait que les acteurs soient marseillais de souches puisque dans la trilogie originale Pierre Fresnay était parisien (et oui !!!) mais lui avait bossé son rôle !!! La y a zéro marseillais et on dirait une mauvaise pub pour l'huile d'olive !
La trilogie originale ;)
Ouais bon l'accent c'est couci couça quand même..
Victoire Belezy n’aura aucun mal à faire oublier Orane Demazis (accent pointu et jeu beaucoup trop théâtral) de la version originale… Quant à Daniel Auteuil et Jean-Pierre Darroussin – même si tous deux sont excellents – c’est une vraie gageure de reprendre les rôles interprétés par des monstres comme Raimu et Fernand Charpin…

le premier de la trilogie: Marius
elle est prévue pour 2014
Au secour c'est quoi cet accent marseillais
J'espère alors qu'ils n'attendront pas 20 ans pour que le acteurs aient tous l'âge des rôles au moment de l'histoire... ;-))
Non elle sortira plus tard apparement :)
Et la troisième partie, CESAR, elle est passée à la trappe ??  :-((
je suis une fan inconditionnelle de Mr PAGNOL!J'ai regardé en boucle tous ses films!j'ai toutes ses cassettes mais...Chapeau bas Mr AUTEUIL quoiqu'en dise certains puristes,il a relevé le défi haut la main!J'ai aimé la FILLE DU PUISATIER de Mr AUTEUIL avec autant  de force que celui de Mr PAGNOL !Ce sont tous les deux de grand réalisateur mais d'époques différentes! Et de ce fait je vais courir voir ce nouveau chef-d'oeuvre!!!!


Daniel Auteuil joue magnifiquement bien mais rien ne remplacera le jeu de Raimu dans Marius. Cela doit être mon côté marseillais et puriste des vieux films de Marcel Pagnol mais ce film ne va pas me plaire... Je vous conseille de voir la vraie trilogie marseillaise avant la nouvelle.
D'abord ,l'inoubliable " Galinette " , après la  Fille du Puisatier ,maintenant la trilogie marseillaise , je m'en régale d'avance ,merci Mr Auteuil...!
Les œuvres de Marcel Pagnol sont magnifiques et je conseille de les lire avant de regarder les films! Daniel Auteuil a du courage de reprendre Marius et Fanny car les films successivement de 1931, 1932 et 1936 sont de purs chefs d'oeuvre!!                                                                                                   Pour renseigner certains, Marius est le premier tome d'une trilogie, vient ensuite Fanny puis César!
Ca m'a l'air superbe !! Par contre , lequel faudra t'il voir en premier ?
179232 251 13 0 53
MARIUS & FANNY, de Daniel Auteuil, au cinéma le 10 juillet 2013.
Rejoignez-nous sur Facebook http://facebook.com/Filmsactu
Synopsis du film MARIUS : Sur le Vieux-Port de Marseille, dans le Bar de la Marine tenu par César et son fils Marius. Marius ne rêve que d'embarquer sur un des bateaux qui passent devant le bar et prendre le large vers les pays lointains. Fanny, jeune et jolie marchande de coquillages sur le devant du bar, aime secrètement Marius depuis l'enfance ; Marius, sans l'avouer, a toujours aimé Fanny. Pour retenir Marius, pressenti pour un engagement sur un navire d'exploration, Fanny lui dévoile son amour pour lui et parvient à attiser sa jalousie en provoquant une vive dispute entre Marius et un vieil ami de César, le maître-voilier Panisse, qui, beaucoup plus âgé, courtise Fanny. Partagé entre l'appel de la mer et son amour pour Fanny, Marius renonce à son projet et finit par s'unir à Fanny qui s'offre à lui. Mais, alors que César et Honorine, la mère de Fanny, sont prêts à les marier, Marius est repris par sa folie de la mer. Poussé par Fanny qui se sacrifie par amour pour Marius, ce dernier monte à bord du navire qui part, abandonnant Fanny bouleversée, qui retient ses larmes et cache à César le départ de son fils.

Synopsis du film FANNY :
Fanny, amoureuse et abandonnée, apprend qu'elle attend un enfant de Marius. Elle se retrouve en position dramatique de mère-fille, incapable d'assurer son propre avenir et celui de son enfant. Elle accepte alors, avec l'approbation de sa mère et du grand-père de son enfant, César, de se marier avec un commerçant prospère du Vieux-Port, Honoré Panisse ; celui-ci est âgé de trente ans de plus qu'elle. Il reconnaît son enfant et l'élève comme le sien ; Panisse leur apporte une prospérité certaine, une honorabilité sociale retrouvée et un avenir confortable. Quelques mois après le mariage et la naissance du bébé, Marius, prenant conscience de son amour pour Fanny durant son voyage lointain, mais qui n'a pas de situation sérieuse, revient et cherche à reconquérir Fanny, toujours amoureuse de lui et à reprendre son enfant.

MARIUS et FANNY, deux films de Daniel Auteuil, avec Raphaël Personnaz, Daniel Auteuil, Jean-Pierre Darroussin, Victoire Bélézy et Marie-Anne Chazel.

MARIUS ET FANNY Bande Annonce. Abonnez-vous dès maintenant pour ne pas rater la bande annonce VF ou VOST du moment ainsi que le trailer ou extrait des films français et internationaux à l'affiche.  Filmsactu : le point complet sur toutes les sorties cinéma, DVD et Blu-Ray ! http://cinema.jeuxactu.com
PT1M52S
hd
MovieID::::917
1467 3 1 0 0
PART ONE OF TWO! -- Writer-director-executive producer Barry Avrich and interview subject Bob Guccione Jr. discuss the documentary FILTHY GORGEOUS: THE BOB GUCCIONE STORY at the Toronto International Film Festival on Monday, Sept. 9, 2013.
PT14M59S
sd
MovieID::::918
*90’s babies hier?*
Maar, it is a dutch film and it is all english?!!! :-(
Its bloody herring SARDINES WUT MATE
looks like a good movie!
Looks so good! But they just ruined the kiss scene that was meant to be in the movie for a surprise! I knew they would get together.
She was nude in Game of Thrones.
IT is Netherlands film
This is like watching an honest trailer, except this is meant serious haha
Its funny that my father did the sound for de movie in 2001 and that i just found out that its done in Engels
verschrikkelijke dub...
This is so weird for a dutch person
this movie came out in 2001 in the netherlands and ten years later in usa a bit late isnt it
Melisandre was a cat?
@DivineNucleus The movie was based on the book,which came out in 1970. That was 19 years before even the first Catwoman comic was out
original Dutch version is from 2001!
Look into your heart and listen to your felines? Purrfect? Sub par puns
LOL this is such an old dutch movie

Cats becoming women? Where are those legal papers--!--Cat Woman supporting Batman through a spiritual oppertunity she applied for--
45221 182 8 0 27
This utterly charming classic family film tells the tale of Miss Minoes, a cat who is transformed into a young woman (Carice van Houten) and befriends Tibbe (Theo Maassen), a shy bumbling cub reporter for the local newspaper. Miss Minoes, still recognized as a cat by the neighborhood felines despite her new appearance, organizes them into a news-gathering service and helps Tibbe become a star reporter. He soon turns investigative and discovers that the popular chairman of the "Club For Friends of Animals" and boss of a nearby factory has evil plans...
PT2M2S
hd
MovieID::::919
its on netflix.but you have to have an account though :(
UKIP need more tolerant souls like yourself.
it's on netflix:)
I'm not a fan of this movie at all. The main character was just angry and yelling the whole time. And was very disrespectful to an older man the whole time. I am not a fan.
They just added it to Netflix Instant Play!
Not a classic yet, but is in the realm.
I love this film
@GCcutepoison You can buy it on iTunes for $3.99, I think... not free, but still a way to watch it!
I love this film, its one of my fav christmas films to watch. :-)
140810 150 7 0 10
http://flashbackentertainment.com/movie.asp?ID=1428



Shannon McManus is a recently divorced single mother living in New York, struggling to make ends meet by working as a limousine driver to support herself and her five year old son, Trevor. On Christmas Eve she gets a last minute call to come into work. Although she would much rather spend the holiday with Trevor, she can't turn down the money and the client has promised to make it worth her while. Shannon is dispatched to pick up Fred Nickells, an eccentric client caught up in the holiday spirit. Shannon's orders are to drive Fred where he wants and he wants to go anywhere and everywhere in the city, handing out money wherever he goes.



Fred's generosity attracts the interest of local television news reporter Peter Simon, desperate for the big story that will get him promoted. Peter picks up on the trail of stunned New Yorkers left in Fred's wake and talks him into doing an interview. At the same time Peter and Shannon feel the sparks of attraction. Fred finally reveals that he's got an ulterior motive - namely, that Shannon is the long-lost daughter he never got to meet. Both Peter and a disbelieving Shannon realize there's more to this eccentric old man than they had first suspected.
PT2M4S
sd
MovieID::::920
Is it just me or is this the most intrinsically funny title for a movie ever?
I wonder what possessed Ursula Andress and Stacy Keach to appear in this.
@nesomai You forgot about the midget cracking his head open on a rock.
@Johnlindsey289



Yep ! Both ... As for "Animal rights" , I'm no activist in an association or else, but I have my personnal convictions ! And "vegetarian" ; yes I am ! Animals deserve respect .
@Johnlindsey289



"Dumb filmmakers" ... that's what they are; I agree on that ! Thankfully, I've never watched the two others -"Jungle Holocaust" and "Cannibal Holocaust" -  and I think I will NEVER do ! (It will be like wasting 2 hours or so in my life watching one of these...)
RESIDENT.........EVIL.........FIIIIIIIIVVVEEEE
N.B. :  I learned -however- that there was gratuitous viloence against animals, in this sick/nasty film, and this made me very angry as i read it...the producer of this is a complete idiot to have allowed that ...1970s or not !!!
invented that ... Was there a scene inluding something like that or close...?? Please; someone who watched the film...??
made a deep impression on me ... I remember in particular a scene where the group of white explorers  are chased by the indigenous on a pirogue, through a river,  saying something like :  "Damn, they had doe !" (the name of their white fellow explorer, in fact) , then you can see the body of the guy standing vertically on the pirogue of the indegenous (the Poukas),completely eviscerated inside, and with a kind of  device with a needle indicator...Or  I don't know if it's only my mind that
I just found again the movie after I typed on Yahoo and Google the name of the tribe that I remembered : les Poukas, in French (the Pukas,in English, I guess...??) . I watched it as a kid, in the 1980s (probably around 1983 or so...) ; ... Since then, I still have vague souvenirs from this film, but at the same time very vivid...it's strange in fact. I never had the occasion to watch this film again since this time -long ago- but strangely, I still have souvenirs of some scenes that probably
is this movie considered a cult classic? or hard to find? cause i found a copy but didnt buy it because of my lack of knowlege on the film. should i get it, being a fan of horror films and any cult classics?
cannibals, real animal cruelty, full frontal fingering, pig humping, Stacey Keach AND Ursula in her birthday suit. They sure don't make movies like this anymore...
i think its much better
Well, ya gotta start somewhere.
LOL, "There is a risk of GANG RAPE". yeah OK, what ever you say DOOD..
100979 72 7 0 16

PT3M43S
sd
MovieID::::921
My dad took me to see this when I was kid in Toronto, at the old Italian theater on St Claire, cool b   movie is pretty campy but better than I expected,  kind like the island of Dr Moreau, thanks for posting this, amphibians are such an interesting concept for a monster flick , I think mermaids in real life would be absolutely horrible looking creatures, not like Disneys little mermaid at all,
@ 0:43 Tom Hanks...
what the hell did i just watch?
Apparently coming to blu-ray soon.
i hate when trailers show you everything neat or important about the story. spoilers much?
I saw this film in the theater a long time ago.   IT FUCKING SUCKED!!!
Argento would never make something as fun as this. He's to po-faced and that's to his detriment. His mid-career movies look good, but lack basic things like, story and characters that are interesting or have arc's... I can stomach those things if the ideas keep coming and it's fun and interesting. But stating that this flick is like an Argento movie is so far off the beaten track..

I'm a sucker for miniatures and mad ideas. Old school effects. Gimme CALTIKI and FISHMEN over Argento anyday!
I agree...I see more similarities to Lucio Fulci than Argento...but mostly in cinematography and music than anything else.....
Martino didn't do The Black Belly of the Tarantula.
@ozdan72 It's Sergio Martino's giallo films like The Case Of The Scorpions Tail and The Black Belly Of The Tarantula that have similarities to Argento films.
@one23456789zero

my thoughts exactly
This reminds me of War Gods of the Deep with Vincent Price.
All I remember was the American version of the VHS box from my horror video collection, "Screamers: They're Men Turned Inside Out... And They're Hungry!"

Great 80's scare flick reminiscent of Dario Argento's early works. This is pure classic, cinematic history that belongs in any serious film buff's collection.  To bad I lost mine, the VHS is OOP and a rare gem if you can find it!
i like'd the us release better had a little more gore in it
interesting trailer!
Hard to imagine her husband is Ringo Starr. Wonder if he's actually seen any of her movies?
43278 57 4 0 16
This DVD includes Sergio Martino's original Uncut European Version of ISLAND OF THE FISHMEN (which was released in the US as SCREAMERS with additional scenes and some major re-editing)



After their prison ship sinks in the Caribbean, a group of prisoners and a doctor wash ashore on a seemingly deserted island. They soon discover a strange couple, who invite them to stay at their house. While the prisoners try to plan an escape, the doctor does some investigating, and soon finds out just what the pair are really doing...and why the prisoners keep disappearing mysteriously. Stars Claudio Cassinelli, Barbara Bach, Richard Johnson & Joseph Cotto
PT3M39S
sd
MovieID::::922
3656 8 1 0 0
Official Website: http://www.wowtv.com
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/wowtelevision

In, 1942 a commando (Jason Connery) is assigned to protect Winston Churchill when it is learned that the Nazis are plotting to kidnap him.
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::923
Sharpe uses some pretty poor tactics at the end there.
"bloody maps" - every officer ever.
is lord kiely English or Spanish?
Sharpe. Not much better than old Richard, Harper, Hagman and the rest of the crew.
''Horse shit, sir'' Best opening sentence in the series.
Thanks God i downloaded in HD
Thanks for sharing this
"I know the irish peerage" says Wellesley. Well, technically he's a peer who is Irish himself :P
very good episode,Thx much for sharing.
Just goes to show how much of a good job the producers and directors did with very little money and research time.
That's some wild America blaming you're doing there. Careful, you might hurt someone. You might hurt....yourself.
@tuberesu
nitpicker!!!
and the major from the first flim
There's the book Sharpe's Devil
That poor woman has been tormented in many a haunted house through the ages.
What sharpe is after sharpes Waterloo?
8:02 theres that generic scream again
The books are far better.
hagman is bloody well getting younger as the series goes on!
Apparently respect of Sean Bean, the walking spoiler :-).
Obviously when Sharpe's commanding officer taught him to read back in prison he forgot the important skill of reading maps:(
Show respect for what?

officers and maps... sigh nothing has changed
Sean Bean the walking spoiler.
how come every sharpe vid starts with a cav charge
Is it just me or is this vid very jumpy.
Now when i read books, i liked them more.
@gdawsey Irregardless isn't a word. It hasn't "caused controversy" because 'it's a new word'; it's because the word itself is meaningless. Only the idiots at Webster (read: the twats behind the bastardisation of the English language) consider it a word. The prefix "ir" and suffix "less" each mean the same thing. And for the love of Christ, stop using the word "wit" -- you clearly lack any sense of the word.
It's quite clear that you're new to the internet. "Marked for spam" -- good one.
@franka64 Irregardless is an informal term commonly used in place of regardless or irrespective, which has caused controversy since it first appeared in the early twentieth century. The mental picture I have of you is a " 90lb. Erkel look alike. You vent your spleen behind the anonymity of the internet. I write for fun as well as enlightenment. I enjoy  humourous witticisms, which you and your lover, TheSirPrize, sadly lack. Don't bother with a reply, it's marked for Spam.
@gdawsey Irregardless? That's not even a word. This nationalistic shit where cuntscabs go back and forth talking about their country's history as though they themselves were a part of it is just breathtaking to watch/read. Thanks for filling the comment section up with your crap.
Sharpe is shaved!
@gdawsey cont. Also entertainment, and intellectual stimulation. I don't enjoy conversing with someone devoid of humor and hides behind the anonymity of the internet to make personal attacks. You use this medium to say things you would not say face to face. Especially if it is my face, you are facing. Lighten up, get a sense of humor use wit to make your points. To date, your writing style makes me believe you could act as one of those officers in the series. Natural talent,  Old Boy.
@TheSirPrise I hate rap. It was a weak attempt at grade school poetry. My brain is still fried from lack of sleep. Irregardless. What territories did we lose. Napi was defeated at Waterloo, or soon would be. The war was politically inspired by opportunists, and recieved poor support. We had an army in name only as we felt safe behind the big moat called the Atlantic. We were not decimated. That means you killed 1 out of 10. You can't count that high. I engage in comment section for knowlege.
@gdawsey Did you just try to rap? Anyway, moving on, I didn't mention anything about Florida however, Florida was just one of the few territories that we didn't have when we invaded you, we occupied your land and forced you in to a peace treaty. What makes this worse is that you're not even going to bother verify my statements, you're clearly not interested in knowledge. How very sad.
@TheSirPrise Are you able to engage in debate, using humor and wit? Maybe your personal attacks happen, because your full of shit.

Go for the chuckle

Show me your wit

Personal attacks, don't make you wise

They warn me to search for the brown in your eyes

The first indication that your full of s&%t.



We didn't lose territory, check out Florida.The rest of your argument sounds like "Sour grapes".


@gdawsey corrections-Considering; one. Still kind of tired. My apologies.
@TheSirPrise After 24 hrs without sleep, I was very proud of myself. Cosidering how hoary old your comeback was, I guess I did pretty well. You didn't have to dust that won off did you?
@gdawsey The old battle of new Orleans trick is it? I'm not surpirsed someone as stupid as you would bother to pull that one out. That battle had nothing to do with the war and was the only few you actually managed to win. That's why it is glamourised so much, because it's one of the few battles you won. LOL! Don't tell me you feel the least bit pathetic in knowing that you actually had to glamourise a battle (not even part of the war) and was one of the few you won. I feel bad for you.
@gdawsey You can't just look at it as 'well we only achieved a few of our many objectives of the war so there fore we won, even when your entire army was decimated, your capital burned to the ground and most of your territories seized.' Because that is clearly retarded. Face it, the UK had no interest in continuing the war (as there was still business left in Europe) and the US took such a pounding that they hadn't the funds, heart or men to fight anymore.
@gdawsey "United King Dummians?" ho ho, nice one, I can tell you had to use your last three brain cells for that come back.
@TheSirPrise Very puzzeling. When the smoke cleared, we still had what we started with; & the United King Dummians, stopped hijacking our sailors. Invading Canada, was a bad  idea. Most of congress, were happy, at the failure, they just couldn't say so. Oh, bye the bye, are you familiar with a General Packingham? While on Holiday (1814), he visited New Orleans on a group plan, as he had 15,000 or so friends with him. He did leave in good spirits though. He was in a barrel of rum I believe. Ta!
@TheSirPrise So? What do they call you all? United King Dummians?
@malechuvinistxy Only the rich could offord basic school back in those days,, remember Richard came from the ranks, he was an orphan to a prostitute so he had no money therefore no education resulting in the problem he has with maps but he is slowly learning.
@TheSirPrise you can call me names all you want but one thing I can say for myself is that I dont send nasty hateful sounding messages to people I have never met. I wasnt baiting anyone, and I am perfectly open to being corrected, if need be, but I would rather it by a pleasant person. have a good night.
@wakeoftheflood2 Also it's not 'England' it's the UK. Don't you know the difference?
@wakeoftheflood2 1) It's obvious you're a troll, but I'll take the bait. 2) The USA didn't win the war of 1812. The United States invasion (with their entire army) was constantly repelled by a small garrison of British infantrymen and Canadian militia, most of your territory fell under British control, your capital was burned to the ground, your forces shattered and you were forced in to a peace treaty when you sought to win the war, hardly a victory is it?
couple of points- very rare that you actually see the chosen men loading the bakers, and it seems so damn easy to spit that ball into the barrel, what it it a bb?

also no wonder the US won the war of 1812, england had been fighting napoleon for 10yrs, otherwise I doubt we would've stood a chance
@Ohloveeh They were sent either back to england or elsewhere I can't remember which
How come Sharpe's new soldiers/officers are almost always regular infantrymen?
What happened to the rest of the 95th Rifle's? Didn't the company that were killed in ep.1 ever get replaced?
@Isildun9 They are in a war what do you think happens, in the books he started out commanding 21 at this point in the books he was left with only 11 Chosen Men, most of his exploit he did the with assistance of the Redcoats of the light company of the South Essex
Ok, what the hell keeps happening to the Chosen Men?  First Tongue, now Cooper!  The Fuck!
@TheNikzaw naw bro they were retro by then
@Theclaidheamhmor of course, we couldnt live without them
hold (x) and like this comment :)

Best unit ever... quick firing muskets and slow loading but accurate rifles


@smellincoffee With the T.v adaptations they may have been done in the wrong order or something
Why do they keep radically altering the books' setting? Sharpe's Battle is set at the BEGINNING of Wellington's campaign, in the spring of 1811. :-/
@Cuirassier23 ahhh thouse Spanish villages are all the same ;D
@Scoob505 I'm half Irish, but you've made up statistics and facts that aren't true. The Irish died the same as the English. I always have this argument with my (Scottish) dad. Foot soldiers were treated like shit, no matter what region they were from. And the reason Wellington doesn't like them is cause he doesn't like anyone.
the war with France cant be going well if they are constantly fighting for the same tiny village over and over again in each episode
Why can't Sharpe read a map? o_o
@LordWellington35 We have the same name, with a different number, lol
@spam1138 He dis-likes them because they are  the Catholic Irish, the fenians who dont want British rule
@Cuirassier23 its kinda like how they have 30 men playing a whole regiment of foot xD
The map is a gift,, a gift for the foes of Bonie,,, we must use it...
Have you heard nothing lord Wellington has sayd!!!  You can not wield it!!!   non of us can!  :)
U Brits have some good tv shows
why would Wellington hate the irish? he was irish
in the village they definitely had the element of surprise..so why did they ruin it by screaming and charging head on


LOL, why did Sharpe have to smell the fur to detrime it was wolf's fur? 4:00
Did Hagman say 'horse shit, sir' when he was smelling his hands?
@JuanMacready

Legions better than Sharpe's Gold.
@ 7:38

the real villains of the movie, ladies and gentlemen :P
@Roriksen good point cant really call him Irish.Seems these series always have to put an Irish episode in even in Hornblower somehow maybe just to vilify Irishmen that had a different point of view about the British empire
@ColScots726  That's called a wideawake hat, a style that was popular from about 1720-1820.  It was a civilian hat, not regulation at all, but then Munroe doesn't seem like a regulation sort of officer, does he?
@gullivera

because he always was one. did you hear about the Officer who made an accurate model of Waterloo, and managed to reconstruct the battle perfectly? he ruined him
@Roriksen anglo irish is the phrase you are looking for to describe wellington's backround
@markmason1000 Wellington was English, he was just born in Ireland, as he once said

"being born in a stable no more makes a man a horse than being born in ireland makes a man irish"
Why has Wellington suddenly turned into a arsehole?
what the hell is Wellington talking about hes Irish even if he is Northern Irish
@ 7:38

that is the most subtle super-villain laugh ever... :P
When there is the close of of Nosey on the horse, it looks like he is having sex while talking to Monroe
Yes one year later the frame rate is bad your are right .But a great Movie thanks
lol rifle battalion mixed with foot reginment
@harlequin2614 hahaha me to!
damn his most catholic majesty!! i love wellington
@EdofEngland Piss all frames per second
Best stop motion I have ever seen!
'We should have turned left at Isenguard...'



'Bloody maps!!'
how long does this lagg for? the whole video?
is there a Sharp's Battle part 1 by another user?
"Good! Then give the puppets Richard Sharpe! Ha ha ha ha ha!" Those guys are a riot.
....i wish i was irish lol
sarcasm? he was born in Ireland.
@LordWellington15 what difference does his religion make? Is an English Catholic any different from an English Protestant? Most Irish rebel leaders were protestant.
Yes I know.  And I know Wellington was Irish, but he was Protestant!
@LordWellington15  You know the " Catholic Irish " made up less than 40 % of the British army during the naoleonic wars? You know Wellington himself was Irish? The British Empire would have been nothing without the blood of the irish that was so commonly spilt.
god bloody damnit! why so choppy? chrrrist
nope, mine too
184403 342 20 0 127
enjoy sorry for the wait
PT8M25S
sd
MovieID::::924
Interesting, with great action scenes, but pretty revisionist as far as the history of the Paris Commune goes. The Commune lasted only two months and was responsible for the destruction of a number of municipal buildings (resulting in the loss of almost every document relating to the birth and history of France and especially Paris) and the execution of 63 hostages by Communard leaders during the last week of May. Many of the Communard leaders fled the city as soon as the military started to attack. The Communards - at least their leaders - were anything but a peaceful lot.
1:14:51 Sofia MAgarille eyes look like she's constantly on cocaine!
Without Shostakovich, this movie wouldn't be a masterpiece.
ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME!!!
Elena Kuzmina as Louise was born in 1911, so she is only 17 years old in that movie!
Isnt the movie 2 hrs long?
Wonderful example of how, while Hollywood was cranking out Mack Sennett two-reelers & Glorida Swanson costume extravaganzas, Soviet director were creating an entirely new cinema, until it all went so horribly wrong.
This is not Shostakovich's music. He told the director not to use his score until all the scenes cut by the Soviets were restored. That has only happened recently and the original Shostakovich score will be played tomorrow, a special premiere.
It's difficult to imagine how two directors work to make such an exquisite motion picture. Beautiful compositions. Thank you.
meraviglioso, una autentica delizia visiva e musicale, grazie
THE GREATEST MOVIE ABOUT THE 1871 COMMUNE OF PARIS, WITH THE INCOMPARABLE MUSIC OF THE 22 YEAR OLD DMITRY SHOSTAKOVICH.
this was really enhanced by Shostakovich ' s score.  thanks for posting!
bella fantasia musicale!
thanks for posting this, its important to keep stuff like this alive
26869 216 9 0 22
Faces of Classical Music
http://facesofclassicalmusic.blogspot.com/
•

More information:
http://facesofclassicalmusic.blogspot.gr/2014/08/the-new-babylon-novyy-vavilon-1929-film.html

English and Greek sublitles

The New Babylon (Novyy Vavilon), 1929

A film by Grigori Kozintsev & Leonid Trauberg

Writers: Grigori Kozintsev, Leonid Trauberg

Music by Dmitri Shostakovich
Cinematography by Andrei Moskvin
Art Direction by Yevgeni Yenej

Cast:
David Gutman..........Owner of the "New Babylon" shop
Yelena Kuzmina..........Louise Poirier, the shop-assistant
Andrei Kostrichkin..........The main shop-assistant
Sofiya Magarillarill..........An actress
A. Arnold..........Commune's Central Committee member
Sergei Gerasimov..........Lutro, the journalist
Yevgeni Chervyakov..........National Guard's officer
Pyotr Sobolevsky..........Jean, the soldier
Yanina Zhejmo..........Therese, a seamstress
Oleg Zhakov..........National Guard's soldier
Vsevolod Pudovkin..........Police intendent
Lyudmila Semyonova..........Can-can dancer
A. Glushkova..........Washerwoman

(HD 1080p)


More information:
http://facesofclassicalmusic.blogspot.gr/2014/08/the-new-babylon-novyy-vavilon-1929-film.html

•
Faces of Classical Music
http://facesofclassicalmusic.blogspot.com/
PT1H33M29S
hd
MovieID::::925
5195 13 1 0 0
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0026361/
PT3M53S
sd
MovieID::::926
Fred Foy, announcer. William Woodson is the "news reporter".
I forget who said it, but someone once noted that
filmmaking had reached it s pinnacle in the 60s.
Here's one fine example of that truism ....

Unfortuneatly way overlooked & unmentioned.
And the scene with Fitz, Miss Vickie & the traffic cop
was done right around the corner from me!
9905 35 0 0 2
Great film from 1967 about a butler and his staff keeping up appearances.
PT2M30S
sd
MovieID::::927
WTF!? Is this REALLY a movie trailer?? You gotta be kidding...
viggo mortensen is a horrible actor
Classy choice rounding the corners of the frame. Did they edit on iMovie?
malísima la película, los actores argentinos un desastre, parecían actores amateurs
trailer or  spoiler?
79510 71 17 0 18
In the dazzlingly ambitious new film from Argentinian auteur Lisandro Alonso (Los Muertos, Liverpool), a 19th-century Danish general (Viggo Mortensen) undertakes a gruelling physical and metaphysical journey when he pursues his runaway daughter into the rugged wilderness of Patagonia.
PT1M27S
hd
MovieID::::928
Patriotic Finns in nutshell.
'Is that the lady driver alert?' hahahaha
Reminds me of "Nebraska"
the old guy reminds me of nothing.
the old guy reminds me of super old Gordon Ramsey..
The old guy reminds me of Michael Palin.
Excellent film.
Antti Litja is such a great actor! Undiscovered international star!
44069 107 2 0 9
A stubbornly traditional eighty-year-old farmer — whose social attitudes verge on the prehistoric — raises hell when he is forced to move in with his sadsack, city-dwelling son and domineering daughter-in-law, in this hilarious social satire based on the wildly popular novel by Finnish author Tuomas Kyrö.
PT2M12S
hd
MovieID::::929
on paskaa olla lukihäiriöinen
Paikallisena hankolaisena tän traikun kattominen tuntuu niin oudolta.
25447 40 5 0 3
Ensi-ilta 1.8.2014. Ohjaus: Inari Niemi. Tuotanto: Solar Films, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/Kesakaverit
PT1M7S
hd
MovieID::::930
pero que coño es esto que chiste de pelicula
Madre mía, que doblaje más lamentable. La película está lejos de ser mala de cojones, sin embargo. Apenas profundiza, eso sí, en el tema fantástico, pero es una estimable novedad en el cine de la guerra civil, y huye bastante del maniqueísmo vacío. Mucho más cerca de Pa Negre que de El laberinto del fauno.
Eso sí, vedla en Versión Original.
El bosque? Anda que se han estrujado mucho con el titulo, de que me sonara? Ah sí, de otra película.
Esto qué es? El laberinto del fauno?
Tiene que ser mala con cojones
22036 18 16 0 5
Más Info http://www.trailersyestrenos.es

1936. Una família del Matarranya esconde un secreto ancestral: en los alrededores de la masia donde viven aparecen unes luces misteriosas, un destello sobrenatural que se hace visible dos veces al año, entre la maleza de un extraño bosque. Según la tradición familiar, las luces son una puerta a otro mundo, de donde no regresa nadie que las cruza. La família esconde su existència a los habitantes del pueblo más cercamos a la masia.

Estreno en España: 14 de Diciembre de 2012

(El trailer pertenece a la productora y distribuidora de la película y ha sido subido sin ánimo de lucro).
PT1M45S
sd
MovieID::::931
Is this man still alive or what
8 years later, the world needs Cap'n Video! Why isn't his older stuff and any new material available on YouTube or even a paid service?
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS?
Never ever watched documentaries b4 while ùchannel surfing saw Ralph Zavadil. I watched jack-a cuz my boyfriend. don't like ppl eating nasty things, but like stunts. When I saw Ralph his laugh, his personality, body language and how he presented his show. Totally reminded me of STEVE-O and Some of the guys on Jack-a. So had look up information on the jack-a Cast. AND STEVE-O his father was a presidency of the South American division of Cola. Moved around alot his Childhood residencies include Canada, in the 1980's-1990's he lived in Toronto.I'm sure he can across Ralphs show. Just putting it out there.
This documentary made me want to get out there again and live life. Screw the 9 to 5 bs:)
One of the best documentary's ever! I can watch this over and over.
He got in an empty bathtub with puppies and poured chocolate sauce on them, and himself. He's an amazing guy and I've never saw him be anything but nice to his pets. He's got a huge heart for his animals, and nothing was ever done to hurt them. If you look at the shit thats on tv, that scene wouldn't even make you blink. There's nothing wrong about it.
whats the name of the song at 2:28 ??

The song is called Crystal Cat-Dan Deacon
My kids just had their bikes tuned up by The Bicycle Doctor aka Cap'n Video. He was volunteering his time at a Bike Rodeo. He was great teaching the kids about safety and bike maintenance....hats off to you Ralph.... I love your van dude.
movie fucking rocks and so does filmjunk!
He lives 5 minute from me!!! GREAT GUY!!!
I LOVE THIS DOCUMENTARY TO DEATH!!! Cap'n Video rules!
Coming to a theatre near yyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeow!
this doc was incredible, the story of his life and how he tells it truly kept me stuck to the tv screen for all 92 minutes. ralph had signed my copy for me at the 2012 niagara falls comic con, after having a difficult time finding a copy i was fortunate to grab one at the show and shoot some shit with the crazy bugger. it was great seeing our city and surrounding areas in the shots (except for fuckin' cogeco). anyways, bravo cap!

p.s. thanks for the cheeseburgers and beers

(lord diesel)
I recall some of my fav Cap bits;
MENTAL FLOSS, BOBBING FOR BROWN BANANAS & the time Cap snacked on Vaseline.

Way to go Cap!
Keep rocking Ralph.
Incredible documentary!
Cap'n Video I salute you.
He wasn't mean to them at all. It was all blown out of proportion. He loves his dogs.
I've watched this here in Israel. I'm part of the rat race I'm afraid. People like this guy are the true children of the world. Thinking somebody has to play parents to humanity, knowing I'm much more one of these parents than like the cap'n, I'm damn proud people like him exist. Somehow seeing all that's wrong in this world I know, that the world needs more people like him. God bless you Ralph. peace..
@MissHangoverBarbie
Dan Deacon - CRYSTAL CAT
What is the song that starts playing at 1:28?
Capnvideo905 for all you cap n video clips more coming soon yeeeouuuu!!!!! Subscribe on this beauty day
@MarkDangerously It wasn't inhumane at all, he put a bunny in a little harness and hung it (by its back) on a clothes line then threw eggs in the bunny's general direction (It was the easter special) Then put some chocolate sauce on a puppies back and licked it off, he later stated he even showed him washing it off so the puppy had no chance to actually ingest any...It was harmless but I could see bleeding hearts going off about it. Great documentary, though! Ralph is hilarious!
Great movie got a copy on DVD given to me from cap n video himself watched it about 5 Times!!!
I highly recommend this movie. Very funny, touching and enlightening. 4/5
Just watched it.. Awesome!
Fucking awesome Jay. Good job.
ps, I have watched this like, 10 times on the past 3 weeks!!
This amazing doc is only available in Canada right now, through iTunes. I am from St. Catharines and was watching this guy every Friday night. I was 11. It was the best shit ever. Needless to say, this is one of the greatest things I've ever seen. You too will feel the same, when it comes your way. Have no fear, IT WILL. Beyond entertaining. ENJOY!!!
I'm from the UK ... HOW CAN I GET THISSS!!!!!!
this guy is pure awesome !
wow awesome man Cap'in Video man.......me and my bro used to always watch this guy here in Winnipeg, Manitoba haha he was awesome!!!....loved Beauty Day!!!

I was at the screening you had at Brock University way back when..awesome documentary and i cant wait to see it again

So is this out in other countrys? cause i want to see it in america .-.


I love this guy, and I love that he's local. It's too bad I was only 1 when his show was cancelled. I'd watch him every daaaay.
@canadianation i am happy that this happend....i am a stuntman and i saw it today in switzerland..cheers..



just great
This film looks accurate to me. I also produced a show at the same community TV station during the same time. I remember every one of his shows. some only aired once. The days of absolute expression with your local TV station are now gone.
Eric B
Cap'N Video putting Niagara back in the record books!
@shipyardbob when's your movie coming out?
I talk to this guy while he builds bikes at the Canadian tire I work at... ill have to get his autograph or something :P
Absolutely brilliant
@BehindthePlay BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
"Here we go! Cover off the pool pad! YEEEEEE!!!" *splat*
saw it at Hot Docs in Toronto two nights ago and it was INCREDIBLE - definitely exceeded my expectations. you don't have to be familiar with cap'n video to enjoy it, and honestly, i've never laughed so hard in a theatre before. there are a lot of touching moments in there as well. you gotta love this guy's lust for life!
@WhamBamWizard Dan Deacon – Crystal Cat
He has no clue how many people he is making happy.  I bet  that there are literally thousands of people who don't know what happened to him and wish he was still doin' his thing.



Now he is back in movie form!  I am from Ontario but I never heard of him adn it makes me happy that his story is out there now.
The shot of him riding past the green houses when the music kicks in is freaking awesome!
Just shows how easy it is to make an amazing trailer or a fraction of a Hollywood budget.
Holy smokes! This is now my most hotly anticipated film of the year!
i went to highschool with him !
@Roccia24 Dan Deacon - Crystal Cat
all the love to ralph. it's weird how in pretty every artistic field, real pioneers are often forgotten despite of the ones who remix their ideas later on.
weird and quite sad i'd say
SIIIIIIIICK! nice jay!

94459 442 8 0 55
Before there was Jackass...before there was Tom Green...there was Ralph Zavadil.



His cable access television show, The Cap'n Video Show, ran from 1990 to 1995, spawning a small but loyal cult following. Each week Ralph performed a series of idiotic and occasionally dangerous stunts, challenging the sensibilities of his small Southern Ontario audience. With the advent of the internet and reality television still years away, his unique brand of gross-out stunt comedy was truly ahead of its time. All it took was a broken neck for him to get noticed.



Directed by Jay Cheel

Executive Producer: Michael McMahon

Produced by: Kristina McLaughlin, Kevin McMahon, Roman Pizzacalla

Music by: Ohad Benchetrit & Justin Small



For more information, visit www.beautydaydocumentary.com
PT2M43S
hd
MovieID::::932
Is this the original aspect ratio? Looks like you are peeking from a half closed door.
2291 49 1 0 1
Animation movie
PT6M58S
sd
MovieID::::933
What...in the he world...have they been smoking?
I need to see this film
They're coming to Boise this year and I'm fucking stoked. Also, why is this in my recommended to me 7 years later?
I want to be friends with those dogs. The guys in suits, the normal dogs in the movie, I want to be friends with them. They seem hilarious.
Welcome to the inescapable blackhole that is Everythingisterrible.
Where can I see this movie?
I've never seen these guys before, but they look to me like they'd be legit furries who act like they're just doing it as a joke.
That guy in the costume sounds like cool cat.
hey adam your furry is showing
furfags. 10/10 good vidya
Holy shit you can BUY a Duane?
holy mountain confirm yms favorite movie
And by great classics you mean 'snow dogs' and 'the holy mountain', right?
Checked out their recent Legends tour in SF. Great show, highly recommended
Am I the only one to think that Cool Cat is inside this dog costume ?
Best purchase ever.
And then they fucked.
Fuck the world and Happy Birthday!
I hope EIT considers digital distribution - I would buy their flicks online like this if so.
If I ever visit America, I REALLY want to also try and catch one of EiT's live shows. Love those guys and those live shows look like a genuine blast~ :D
im watching the previous two "Everything is terrible" thank you for showing me this existed thanks!!
I love their youtube channel but it was taken down for some reason. :( I remember the trailer for doggie woggiez from ages back, had no idea they toured with this stuff. Central florida hell is my favourite video of theirs.
holy fuck this looks like the most awesome shit ever
Tripping sack and watching this movie is quite an experience... Everything is terrible needs to make more movies like this.
I won a copy of the Holy Mountain as the lucky door prize at a screening of this.
everythingisterrible (dot) bigcartel (dot) com
I need to see this movie, where can I get it????
dog on the right 1:53 = dane cook
Saw EIT in DC --- I had no expectation for how unusually awesome the live performance would be.  Thanks for posting.

Can someone tell me what that kid is d at 0:58?
YOU FURRIES YIFF IN HELL AND GTFO MY PLANET
2:17 im not :,(
@WillBrendon They're advertising this as a remake of Jodorowsky's "The Holy Mountain" (an absolutely bizarre, "wtf am I watching" kind of film--google/youtube it) that is made entirely of doggy-clips from 80s-90s movies, commercials, tv shows, etc. They apparently asked people to send any all footage containing dogs to them, and they spliced it together into this film. Its collaborators are going on tour, showing it off, apparently all the while dressing in fursuits and generally being awesome.
I still don't understand what this is...
I can now imagine you in a fursuit...
MY EYES!!!
@RavenhallowGrey
Epic.
Pretty awesome video, I just keep getting more and more pumped for seeing them in Philly - I'll be wearing my fursuit to the show. :3   Nice work!
Thankfully I live in the UK so I dont have to go and see this trippy... weird... demented... scary shit.
I don't quite understand the concept behind whatever it is that they're doing and oh my god that dog is talking I'm going to bed bye.
I knew I should've gone to that.

they are not coming to Denmark :(
@YourMovieSucksDOTorg I know, I was just goofing
that looked like a load of fun, you guys are lucky
@TheRepublicOfUngeria
I liked them way before they had anything to do with dogs.
YEAH 13TH VIEW FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES FUCK YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No wonder you are a furry!
39333 548 9 0 57
http://www.YourMovieSucks.org
http://www.facebook.com/YourMoviesSuck
Help feed me: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=B4R4XLQ4935LC
http://www.anUnkindness.com
http://www.youtube.com/anUnkindnessvideo
http://www.youtube.com/AdumPlaze
www.EverythingIsTerrible.com  Discord: https://discord.gg/9eWMRbc
PT2M43S
hd
MovieID::::934
The message of the film is what's important. I loved it, it was to the point. If you're looking for blood and gore and death, keep denying Jesus as your Lord and Savior and you'll get more than what you bargain for you. Read your Bible. NIV The Bible Experience. Soon you'll be living it.
Rapture: from the same people that made Birdemic.
if yoiu are expecting a great christian movie..................you be saddened by it. it was to calm for what the bible says will happen. i just hope they did not spend too much time and money this what i call crap. for lack of a better word. and i dont think much effert on making this movie.
I just watch the dvd of this movie but he did not begin as the trailer show with a  cooking program and breaking news ? I guess the silly line 100 of people disappeared was a good reason to delete that .A few silly part like the natives attacking the person ? The jumping from this and that .Like the lady gets picked up by the police but then later she out walking around no reason for how she got free .A love story http://www.chick.com/reading/tracts/0085/0085_01.asp  for you  to read :)  The plane crash in this move is also awful looking ...
Can't whait to see that movie!
i comment already this video mnext me what to say beybye evryoen left with  my broke able stuff this palent will suffer and then re play-doh into soemthnig perfect like it was before you peopel ruined all for it make me better lsoer karma always win me will be rapture and maybe 5 in my close family wil be rapture teir are jenny laframboise , léae laframboise , nikael  mari-_   , laframoise ,cloée laframboise , mari-_ la framoise soft gentelmen + me tommy durning body with many souls example todd
16937 53 6 0 7
Official video content provided by River Rain LLC or one of it's authorized agents.

Subscribe to MovieTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/QcNd7j
More clips, photos, and news: http://bit.ly/16DCCPz

Follow Videodetective.com on facebook http://www.facebook.com/VideoDetective
Follow Videodetective.com on twitter http://twitter.com/VideoDetective

Subscribe to GameTrailersByVD: http://bit.ly/RNaDlR
Subscribe to TVPromosByVD: http://bit.ly/Plupqf
Subscribe to MusicVideosByVD: http://bit.ly/Te5RuH

Director: Timothy Chey
Cast: Jay Shams, Mary Grace,  Carman, Masashi Nagadoi, Dave Edwards,  Itsuka
Release Date: 9/13/2013
Studio: River Rain LLC
Rating: PG-13
PT2M49S
hd
MovieID::::935
57 0 0 0 0
Directed by Irving Cummings
Starring:
Lon Chaney - David Webster
Edith Roberts - The Angel Lady
Noah Beery, Sr. - Li Fang
DeWitt Jennings - Detective Doyle
Ralph Lewis - Fletcher Burton
Jack Mulhall - Ted Burton
Togo Yamamoto - The Prince
Kate Price - Landlady
Wilfred Lucas - The Policeman
PT1H13M18S
sd
MovieID::::936
ingenious! and film, this masterpiece of siegfried in during 118min gives you feeling of freedom and happiness, inspired to live your life better. great actors, great cinematography(vincent buron & siegfried), music(ivry gitlis & siegfried) and film editing(hervé schneid & siegfried)!!! in dvd(from amazon) is possibility to watch interesting episodes not included in film
10809 43 1 0 1
A film by Siegfried - with Roschdy Zem as Sansa & Ivry Gitlis as Monsieur Click
PT1M54S
sd
MovieID::::937
Suicide by husband.
At the end of this trailer... I don't know...  I just saw red!
2583 8 0 0 2
Available on DVD from http://www.odeonent.co.uk/product/forbidden-scarlet-heaven

After the war, Jim Harding (Douglass Montgomery) is desperate to put his knowledge of chemistry to good use but his wife's greed forces him to sell potions for baldness and stomach disorders in a fairground booth on Blackpool's Golden Mile. His marriage hits rock bottom when his wife Diana (Patricia Burke) dates a theatrical impresario behind his back and Jim falls in love with the beautiful Jane Thompson (Hazel Court), who runs the candy floss stall opposite. But Jim's new found happiness is cut short when his wife finds out about their affair and refuses to give him a divorce. As their marriage disintegrates into constant bickering, Jim takes a walk along Blackpool's crowded shore and decides to murder his wife...

'Suspenseful, dark thriller.' www.britmovie.co.uk

Starring:
Douglass Montgomery
Ronald Shiner
Kenneth Griffith

Director: George King
PT2M45S
hd
MovieID::::938
Damn he looks so old
Wait didn't he also play Shaka in the mini series?
The love i have for Mme Grace Jones...nobody understands hey...
Why does the 1986 mini series have Grace Jones on the Netflix menu?
For entertainment purposes only
Why don't Hollywood give Grace Jones big part as vampire...she looks good as vampire..
Wow reading some of the comments...some very rude people on here at the time.
She still nice looking but Grace Jones was striking back in the day.  But she told the bold truth to Shaka here, they were indeed a plague to him, he saw it in the end. Too late.
Is there Beyonce?
Shaka Queen was his Mother  Nandi, he married no woman.  Grace acted as Nandi
I like Shaka so much, he's  the few black African leader in history. I've ever admired!!!
I don't know this nope its all fake
Wow grace Jones is beautiful , In her prime she would made the perfect storm
Some of you people are unbelievably stupid
They really really look related
0:22  THAT FACE!!! wow
Black power ! We are the future not the white race they will be screwed out of commission by us the black race ! White men are weak by nature ! They want even fight for their women !
This is not the Chaka Zulu move i know ??????
This is utter nonsense
the epitomony of a strong lady who makes males look inferior which they are anyway!!!
This crap was wack and untrue lol. They must be needed a check lol. Niggas will do anything smh. The first shaka movie is true and that stands forever.
Shaka zulu was never enslaved liars
what is this Dracula accent this queen is doing? lol wtf
The film is only worth watching if you are a hardcore Grace Jones fan . She looks stunning: This is why I forgive her the failed accent). It hurts to see financial worries forced Henry Cele to denigrate himself in this fantasy crap!  After he was so brilliant in the series which at least is based on the history of the real uShaka kaSenzangakhona.... R:I.P. Henry Cele
This must be just what it is: a good story. Never once have I ever read of Shaka having a queen/wife, besides Nandi; his mother. From what I studied he stayed away from women because he thought they would make him weak. You see what he had done to his newborn child in the first movie...& I don't even think THAT was real. Shaka on a slave ship? Nah...
Perfect casting. Look at these two...stunning!
Whaaat!! I didn't know my boy was dead. Wow! We all have to go sometime. I was just telling one of my little honey's, im her Shaka Zulu in the bed lol
Henry Cele 1986 portrayal of Shaka Zulu was/is the best.
I remember watching this mini series back in the 80s. Michael Payne and Debra Buchanan, do y'all remember? Henry Cele was MAGNIFICENT!
I wanna see this movie.  And Grace Jones is strikingly beautiful in this clip.  Oh my God.
People can't respond when you reply to them like that, you racist fucktard.
Fucking racist idiot.
You're a disgusting racist. Grow up.

Wow, you have some real issues. Why are you so obsessed over the amount of pigment in the skin?
I never thought of that before..that would've been an excellent idea.
And I have always said she would have also made an amazing CatWoman either in the place of Michelle Phiffer, or Halley Berrys film
Wow always felt deeply for this film
Grace Jones would've made an awesome Storm in the first X-Men movie.
Why is it a flaw that he married a white woman?  I wouldn't see anything wrong in such a decision; or if he married a black woman, or an asian woman, as long as they loved or at least respected each other.  I didn't know he played Shaka Zulu after the miniseries.  Must see more of it...
Rip Henry Cele.......
I was hoping that wasn't true! ugh...


that's what I 'm looking for.
There was a sequel to  shaka Zulu ,?
they look good together
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONES. LOVE HER.

They made another one?!
i had no idea she was in this movie
This series was amazing when I saw it years ago.  Henry Cele visited Puerto Rico in person to promote the series. The entire island was rapt by the story and Henry Cele's portrayal of the remarkable  African leader.   RIP Henry Cele.
@tank44tide Me either...I'm rather stunned to find this. And this clip doesn't jive with the series...he didn't have a wife. He died. Still...Henry Cele? Heck yeah I'll watch it.
I remember Henry Cele as Mahina in The Ghost and the Darkness with Val Kilmer and Michael Douglas. But in the middle of the movie he got eaten by the lion.
I didn't know that was Grace Jones...
86617 394 26 0 75
Grace in the role of her life as the wife of Shaka Zulu, played by the legendary Henry Cele. Also starring David Hasselhoff.
PT2M9S
sd
MovieID::::939
Every farmer, smallholder or gardener should try to increase the fertility of the soil, be it by polyculture (diverse plants have different needs at different times and release nutrients at different times that serve as food for other plants), earthworm farming, mulching, improving the water retention capacity of the landscape by creating natural ponds and water retention spaces, incorporating organic/biodegradable material into the earth, etc. Chemicals kill the biological activity of the soil, making it dependant on ever-increasing doses of synthetic fertilisers, like a drug addict.
Brilliant and heartfelt documentary, reminiscent of Drats' work like THREE DAYS OF THE ANIMAL OLYMPIANS and HUMANS NEED THREE HANDS even more! This documentary, along with MICROCOSMOS, and the two aforementioned novels completely changed my perception regarding animal and plant cross-species communication abilities (like a wild shark that "asks" a diver to remove a hook from its mouth or fin). It all makes Shrike's abilities to communicate with wildlife that more plausible.
Very important as we have lost elements in some of our soil
Beautiful and long over due. We should have more reverence for the soil that gives us so much.
I'll sound sappy, but, really, after watching this trailer for the movie Symphony of the Soil, we could replace the word SOIL with the word of SELF…the same inspiration & lessons happen…how enriching each of us can be when not taken as dirt. Can't wait to view the full movie!
"Most of the planet isn't living" (from our current understanding); "it's never known life" (from our current understanding).  Somehow I don't think something living can come from something that isn't living!  Common sense!  Everything is Life - Energy/Consciousness.

Somehow I think it would be better to make the film FREE on YouTube and get the message out to more people. Invite people to donate - it would reach more people and make a lot more money than trying to sell the film.
This documentary looks excellent.
Of course the global terrorist mafia of Monsanto, along with their partners in crime, Sygenta, Dow, Bayer, Dupont, are working as hard as they can to poison all of the topsoil of the earth and to destroy the future of the earth with lethal chemicals and GMO frankencrops. And 70% of China's topsoil is toxic, the earth and all life on it is doomed from the extreme crimes of the psychotic human race.
Share, share, share this film. It is important now, more than ever before. Educate adults and children with Symphony of the Soil.
Show it to corporate agricultural farmers. Who knows? Maybe they'll have an epiphany and begin working with the nature of the planet. You can purchase the film on Amazon.
It's the soil. Chemical fertilizers and pesticides turn soil into dead dirt incapable of retaining water and nourishing plant material. Once the soil dies, as is now the case,(except for organic farms and landscapes,) it takes more and more chemical fertilizers and pesticides to sustain diminishing plant life, meanwhile, we are poisoning ourselves, polluting our drinking water, and destroying the planet, while Monsanto and the big chemical industry makes billions and has little reason to change.
The soil continues to excite me even after 37+ years as a soil scientist!  When I sit and look out at a landscape I do feel the energetic humming of the biotic population under foot.  The world depends on the soil and is nothing without it.  Be vigilant in your care of this precious resource.
Greatly important educaton is in this feature Symphony of Soil. It is the treasure that brings forth our food, and yet, it is dying and there will not be ENOUGH soil left to feed all the people of the Earth. We are committing species suicide with our distruction of the soil as well as the artmosphere that sustains us.
no soil, no life...
Your still missing the key ingredient in building soil , Earthworms .
This reminds me of the "story" where scientists had declared that they could "create life just like God", and they challenged God to a contest. God accepted. The scientists went first. They began to gather dirt when God stopped them and said, "Whoa! Guys, you'll have to create your own dirt!"
Organic matter is just the stuff that has been so thoroughly tortured by so many metabolisms that it can no longer be eaten.  I don't understand all this talk of 'life' when the axis is death.
http://fellowshipoftheminds.com/2013/08/16/censored-news-black-woman-kills-12-y-o-white-boy-with-blow-torch/
This is an excellent movie!
A marvelous, hopeful film.  I will arrange to show it to our Grange and people in the Petaluma area.
About the most beautiful and fascinating movie about dirt you'll ever see.

fantastic documentary, best greetings from geographers from Austria. go and watch this movie, you will stay astonished!

This is an INCREDIBLE film. See it in the theater if you can. The audience watching it at a recent conference was moved to tears, including me. Very well done. Thank you, Deborah, and the entire team.
Hey fantastic! So great to see this sort of focus being brought to the subject of soil. It looks beautiful and amazing. Masses of microbial congratulations to you all!
57066 407 2 0 25
Symphony of the Soil is a 104-minute documentary feature film that explores the complexity and mystery of soil. Filmed on four continents and sharing the voices of some of the world's most esteemed soil scientists, farmers and activists, the film portrays soil as a protagonist of our planetary story. Using a captivating mix of art and science, the film shows that soil is a complex living organism, the foundation of life on earth. Yet most people are soil-blind and "treat soil like dirt." Through the knowledge and wisdom revealed in this film, we can come to respect, even revere, this miraculous substance, and appreciate that treating the soil right can help solve some of our most pressing environmental problems. In addition to the feature film, there are several short  films, Sonatas of the Soil, that delve deeply into soil-related topics, and several short clips, Grace Notes, that are available to stream on the film's website.

Produced and Directed by Deborah Koons Garcia


LOGLINE: Symphony of the Soil explores the evolution and importance of soil in today's world.

TAGLINE: Discover the life beneath your feet.

http://www.symphonyofthesoil.com
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2229399/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
PT2M18S
hd
MovieID::::940
The mind and the gut are connected, a healthy stomach is a healthy mind, that's why when we feel sad we stop eating or when we don't want to face reality we hurt ourselves by drinking too much alcohol or sugar hurting our gut bacteria, all our of body and mind.  Bad gut bacteria is the first reason for depression and to treat it is by eating probiotics food. It is all conected.
We have just recently watched and reviewed this movie as part of our "Celebrate International Animation" movement. We loved it!

You can watch our review below, Great Work

https://youtu.be/DCoSItnhyf4?list=PLcpwFFvNw5sWPyNY3G94nLYDpqRiHfXf9
Is an amazing history. I felt some unconfortable but honest. The best documentary in DocsBarcelona Medellín, Colombia. Beautiful <3
''the road to sanity is a wild ride'' Id love to see this, where can I do that?
this looks so awesome and out of the ordinary holy shit
One of the best films I've ever seen.
A beautiful movie.  My review http://54disneyreviews.wordpress.com/2015/02/10/rocks-in-my-pockets-a-review/
Where can i watch this?
"How do you heal a mind?"
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD !
WTF - this is not the Latvian accent. Who on earth suggested she has to speak like this? It' s an amazing subject, so sad it's being dragged into some sort of Eastern European theme which Latvians are not par of. Too bad
This was excellent! So glad I got to see it in theaters. Such a privilege.
I am one of the many people in the world who can't wait to see it! :D
Awesome! Can't wait to see it!
Brilliant...Thank you....Signe
Wonderful!!!!
Sooo looking forward to your LA premiere at the Laemmle Royal on the 12th! Can't wait to finally meet you in person.
This looks like a fascinating piece! Excited to see the whole story!
Looking forward to seeing your movie and meeting you this Friday. Aija
Will this be the answer? Swaying from atheism to agnosticism to deep orthodoxy, holding all possibilities in the mind simultaneously without appropriate weights to probabilities, a jumping-to-conclusion (JTC) bias, I believe the theories but struggling with practice - the art of contemplative, meditative and thoughtful living. I was also curious about the title - it seemed to resonate with a college essay that I read, "''Some questions cannot be answered./ They become familiar weights in the hand,/ Round stones pulled from the pocket, unyielding and cool." good luck with the release...but more importantly with your mind!
Super excited. Just got back from Latvia. Beautiful country. Roads could use a little work though. ; )
Interesting. Looks like a feast for the mind.
Good luck in Karlovy Vary!
This trailer makes be really excited to see this movie.  Signe's work is always sophisticated, elegant, funny and passionate, and here it has clearly been taken to a new level of depth and ambition.  Thrilling!
Very moving and beautiful, Signe! A great trailer
Great job with the trailer Signe! Can't wait to see your movie. No reason to be depressed.
139233 567 19 0 49
"Rocks In My Pockets". Streaming, Downloads and DVD available:
http://www.rocksinmypocketsmovie.com
PT2M15S
hd
MovieID::::941
Suck my balls, shit wrong bird persons
josh is the only reason im watching this movie
The worst movie ever!
bets pipel français
I like cheese,,,,,,sometimes.
So... does actually turn into a bird or something.
Boring movie ....
what is the song playing in the trailer
Looks interesting.
198780 151 14 0 11
BIRD PEOPLE Official US Release Trailer #1 (2014) HD directed by Pascale Ferran starring  Josh Charles, Anaïs Demoustier, Roschdy Zem

An American arrives in Paris, checks into a hotel, turns off his cell phone and starts his life anew.

Release date: 12 September 2014 (USA)
Director: Pascale Ferran
Cast: Josh Charles, Anaïs Demoustier, Roschdy Zem
Genre: Drama, Fantasy, Romance
Country: France
Production Companies: Archipel 35, France 2 Cinéma, Titre et Structure Production, Canal+, Ciné+, France Télévisions,
Centre National de la Cinématographie, Région Ile-de-France, Cofinova 8, Procirep, Angoa-Agicoa, Media Programme of the European Community, Cofinova 5, Cofinova 6
Distributors: Diaphana Films, Films Distribution, IFC Films, Imagine Films Distribution

FilmIsNow your first stop for the latest new cinematic videos the moment they are released. Whether it is the latest studio trailer release, an evocative documentary, clips, TV spots, or other extra videos, the FilmIsNow team is dedicated to providing you with all the best new videos because just like you we are big movie fans.

Click to Subscribe: http://bit.ly/SubFIN
Check our G+ Page: http://goo.gl/Slx3tQ
Check our Website: http://www.filmisnow.com
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/UFZaEu
Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/filmisnow
PT2M11S
hd
MovieID::::942
Holy fucking shit, would you please get someone who knows how to speak English properly do this. This woman's accent Is so strong you need subs to understand what she's babbling about.
18312 19 0 0 1
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 0-2: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::943
Anybody knows were I can find this movie online?
pippeli :D 0:23
kirja oli todellakin parempi, tän leffan loppu oli ihan kuraa, mutta ihan katottava kuiteski
Traileri huomattavasti parempi ku itse elokuva. Karmea pettymys muutamia kohtalaisen hyviä kohtia lukuunottamatta.
finnkinohan sen ikärajan päättää :DDDD
Saattaapi muuten olla siinäkin että JOTKUT ÄRKEVÄT ALLE 16 V EI NÄÄ KOKO HELA-PASKAA KOSKA IKÄ KORKEELLA "Alkoholin, seksin & kiroilun" TAKIA!
Tää oli kyllä pahin pettymys sitte Mannerheim -elokuvan

Tuli sit luettuu kirja, oli aika härski elämä jäbäl.
Kiva kattoo tää traileri, ku tietää et huomen o viho viimenen työpäivä!!
@Hans Aho Heko heko. Onpas herra Aho ollut vitsikkäällä päällä.
Hyvää päivää, me olemme Jaska? Meille Jaskoille ei vittuilla. Ei minua muuten kiinnosta mustekala, tai sen osat.
mut repesin niin ku näin Kristan:DDDD
Jonde on just nii paras näytteliä!!<33
toi elokuva on k-16! Koska kuva pikkulapsi ny tollasta menis kattoo niiku :D en oo pikkulapsi mut kuitenki liian nuori tohon elokuvaan:DD
Minusta oli kyllä hyvä leffa. Ja elekee nyt ottako nii perkeleen tosissaan täällä, tämä on elokuva.
Vasurilla vaihteeks
Otapa itse, kun noin vaivaa, että joku kritisoi. Ei käy kateeksi teitä.. Putkijuopon tulevaisuus on yleensä joko helluntailainen jeesustelija tai varhaiskuollut. EVVK.
NUCLEAR KUKKAHATTU!!! Löysää pantaa ja ota bisse...
Arvoisa Sami, ei tässä kukaan auo turpaa, vaan naputtelee Logitechia. Mikään ei ole niin surkea olento, kuin yli 50:nen ikänsä ryypännyt ihminen, jolla on loppusuora elämässä meneillään. Kusee alleen, saa kramppeja.. Ei ole enää hauska näky. Nuorena tuskin kukaan heistä on halunnut sellaista elämän ehtoota. Tämä on vain totuus, ei vittuilua. Joka juoppo lopettaa juomisen joskus, kyse on vain siitä, lopettaako ihminen juomisen, vai viina ihmisen. Miv.
Rauhotuhan herra Hans ja ota lonkero. Meille ei vittuilla.
Elokuvassa ei ole mitään muuta kiinnostavaa. Traileri näyttää jo kaiken. Kolmekymppisellä työttömällä kaverilla on alkoholiongelma. Se olisi hauskaa jos se ei olisi säälittävää ja totta. Elokuva ei onnistu näyttämään alkoholismin kamaluutta, moni saa siitä vain lisää intoa juoda.
Olen sattumalta lukenut kyseistä kirjaa jonkun matkaa, aika turhanpäiväinen teos sekin. Naurattaa hetken, mutta alkaa nopeasti kyllästyttämään. Eri asia tietenkin, jos omat elämäntavat ovat kirjan mukaisia. Itse olen raitis, ja joutunut näkemään juoppojen idioottimaista mellastusta naapurustossa vuositolkulla, niin ei tuollaiset sekoilut juurikaan jaksa huvittaa. Kommenttiosasto on tarkoitettu niin kritiikille kuin kehuille.
Empä nyt menis sanomaan, että niin typerää. Jo pelkkää kirjaversiota on myyty yli 150.000 kappaletta, joten se on suomalaisia viihdyttänyt merkittävästi enemmän, kuin sinun täysin turhanpäiväinen paskakommenttisi.
Typerää särkeä nykyisin harvinainen Datsun 100A täysin turhanpäiväisen paskaelokuvan takia.
finnkinohan sen tunnetusti päättää...
sä saat vitusti pesää ku huomasit sen.
suomalaisten arkea.
Mulla on viinaa! - Minä en enää juo :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

Ei sun tartte sitä vitun hidasta proxyä käyttää. Kirjotat vaan googleen "Pirate Bay Proxies" ja tulee helevetillinen lista sivuja mitkä kaikki vie sinne ihanaan merirosvojen lahteen mikä on täynnä varastettua tavaraa. :)
Kirjan perusteella ihan mahtava leffa :D
"minä en enää juo" nii varmaa ja hauska ilme XD
aika kamala traileri :(
OIH... Kyllä!
Ensimmäinen kerta kun katson elokuvan minkä kirjat olen lukenut. Olen lukenut Juoppohullun päiväkirjat varmaan 7 kertaa ja jos rehellisiä ollaan niin tuo trailleri on ainakin pienoinen pettymys. (:
Ihan varmasti meen kyl kattoo
ikinä kuullu piratebay:stä?
Ei sitä Finnkino määrää, vaan ent. Valtion elokuvatarkastamo, nyk.  Mediakasvatus- ja kuvaohjelmakeskus. Ällä Jonne avaudu...
Ei helkkari että oli hyvä elokuva! Kannattaa käydä katsomassa. Voi sitä repeämisen määrää kun älysin että Kristian = Saarioisten Miska :D :D :D
Tän voisi kyllä käydä katsomassa.
Ei kuitenkaan tainnut olla leffan/kirjojen pointti.
saartamo tämmösessä roolissa :( facepalm
Life of a normal finnish man! =D

Ei Finnkino sitä ikärajaa päätä.
Pakko men kattoon

Todella hyvältä vaikuttaa

Ei taida olla kuule Finnkino joka niistä ikärajoista päättää. Miksei tämä saisi olla k-16? Risto Räppääjää voi katsoa siihen saakka.
Huudetaan vaan kokoajan ja juodaan vaan niin lapset tykkää. Kunhan on kokoajan jokin asia kiinnittämässä huomiota ettei tule tylsää niin kyllä menestyy.
Ja salee Finnkino pistää tänki k.16  leffaks   -.-
Täähän vaikuttaa melkein katottavalta leffalta :DD
Kummalla kädellä sä äsken runkkasit?
emmä oo alkoholisti..alkoholistit käy AA-kerhossa.. mä oon juoppo ,mä käyn bileissä
210782 392 20 0 54
Juoppohullun päiväkirja -elokuvan virallinen traileri  •  Juha Vuorisen menestyskirjaan perustuva leffa saa ensi-iltansa 28.12.2012  •  Lisää Juoppista osoitteessa https://www.facebook.com/juoppiselokuva

Elokuvan on ohjannut ja käsikirjoittanut Lauri Maijala. Pääosassa nähdään Joonas Saartamo ja muissa merkittävissä rooleissa mm. Krista Kosonen, Santtu Karvonen sekä Johannes Holopainen. Elokuvan tuottavat Aleksi Bardy ja Juha Vuorinen.
PT1M36S
hd
MovieID::::944
2287 4 0 0 0
Animação :: Cor :: França/Alemanha :: 2012 :: 95 min.
Direção: Stephan Schesch

Sabe aquele homem que fica sentado na Lua? Um dia pegou uma carona na cauda de um cometa e veio parar na Terra, bem perto do palácio presidencial. Ficou encantando com tudo o que via, sobretudo com as flores. Enquanto o presidente, que havia conquistado todos os cantos da Terra e vencido os inimigos, acredita em um ataque extraterrestre, as crianças ficam sem dormir, pois sentem sua falta lá no céu. Perseguido, o Homem da Lua recebe a ajuda de um cientista diferente. Baseado no texto e nas ilustrações do best seller de Tomi Ungerer, traduzido em 12 idiomas.

Faixa etária sugerida - acima de 5 anos
PT2M52S
sd
MovieID::::945
i wish this was still on netflix
this movie is amazing!
your wish has been granted
I LOVED THIS MOVIE SO MUCH It's been so long since a movie has moved me like this and made me want to own it so I can watch it over and over again.. Wonderful!
I'm a bit intrigued. But I get the impression that there will be too many hipsters at the theatre. I'll just wait and hope that it becomes available on netflix.
@tbrs352 shes looking for her son who can see his father before he dies and the story is about them bonding as two separate strangers to family. only hitchis he does lots of crimes and stuff.
Let me guess, she f*cks the son. End of story.
wtf? did not make any sense to me. is it about she finding a lost son or is it finding wtf? ????/
22774 79 11 0 9
Natural Selection Official Trailer #1 (2012) HD Movie

When a dutiful, albeit barren Christian housewife discovers that her devout husband has suffered a stroke at a sperm bank where he's been secretly donating his seed for the past 25 years, she leaves her sheltered world and starts off on a journey to find his eldest biological son - a mullet-headed, foul-mouthed ex-con with whom she develops an odd but meaningful relationship.
PT2M31S
hd
MovieID::::946
You can watch it for free on tubi tv. The app
filme lixo de mãe e lixo como mulher é colocou a culpa no governo as merda q ela vez em é brincadeira mesmo é um lixo mesmo uma pessoal dessa
Yes liana liberato! She's amazing! Great actress!
While Paquin wears shoes on land, she is barefoot whenever she does the drug run aboard her boat.
what is name of song in movie, when they are in club. Its very popular song i forget name
Just watched this film loved it
So c'mon and take a free ride! (free ride)

Why did they not have that song?!
Opinion about movie?
Liana Liberato use to be my best friend. So proud to see her success. Now she worked with Anna Paquin! SO proud!
anyone watched this movie will ask for the last song in the movie  "every thing gonna be alright "
Adriana the rat
do you know the first song?? at 0:15
Very good movie! But I could be biased! The director was a high school friend! Great job Shana!
It's like weeds
Looks more like a TV movie. Probly still worth watching.
273739 279 26 0 21
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Subscribe to INDIE & FILM FESTIVALS: http://bit.ly/1wbkfYg
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Free Ride Official Trailer 1 (2013) - Thriller HD


A single mom caught up in the Florida drug trade during the late 1970s tries to make a better life for her two girls.
PT1M41S
hd
MovieID::::947
I can understand why Bette, and a number of other actresses, liked (to put it mildly) George Brent.
I would like to see this film.  It looks as if Bette's many biographers may have unfairly maligned it over the years.  I am very fond of the amazing Rosalind Russell version, but this could well be good too.
*** Although not as popular as His Girl Friday ( 1940) , of Howard Hawks, about a couple of journalists, Front Page Woman is a good movie . The difference is that in this production the two protagonist, Bette Davis ( Ellen Garfield ) and George Brent ( Curt Devlin ), working in competing newspapers . Bette Davis is well on stage . She found the exact tone of the character - a professional career start willing to prove it is a good reporter .
George Brent is the lover while antagonist. The actor plays an experienced journalist, full of tricks to get the information you want .
Director of Front Page Woman, Michael Curtiz (Casablanca), has the merit of raising the speed of the newsrooms of major newspapers, combining moments of tension and comedy. The hilarious scenes , such as Ellen be induced colleague Curt disclose the false trial verdict .
1927 15 1 0 4
Purchase Front Page Woman here: http://bit.ly/18SVWsq

Extra! Extra! Laugh all about it! Bette Davis and George Brent star in this comic battle of the sexes filled with good-natured rivalry and romance. Reporters Ellen Garfield (Davis) and Curt Devlin (Brent) are very much in love, but working at competing newspapers. Curt's not willing to concede that a woman can sniff out news as well as a man, and Ellen refuses to marry him until he does. But a nearby apartment fire and a mysterious murder will soon test their investigative skills...and their feelings for each other. Hungarian-born director Michael Curtiz would go on to become one of the most prolific filmmakers of all time, helming more than 170 movies in Europe and the United States. He was nominated for the Best Director Academy Award® twice in the same year (1938) and won the Oscar® five years later for Casablanca.
------
1,000+ Rare films, TV movies, and series on DVD direct from the Studio. http://www.warnerarchive.com
PT3M31S
sd
MovieID::::948
I forgot they did this in the 90’s. It looks like the opening credits for a really bad TV show. I very much enjoyed the movie tho
RajaBerms beat me to it.  I echo-flash his sentiments.
hamish and andy podcast?
It's barely even a trailer, the must have thought talking would just take away from the rapidly changing image goodness or something...Based on the game Speedball, not sure about that but I know there's a game very similar!!
I'm not even epileptic and this trailer almost gave me a seizure
17797 21 7 0 6
Futuresport Trailer 1998
Director: Ernest R. Dickerson
Starring: Vanessa Williams, Wesley Snipes, Dean Cain,  ,  ,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

Urban street fighting meets the WWF and spawns geo political sportertainment. Will the good guys save the world or sell their souls for product endorsements?

Movie, Futuresport Movie,Futuresport Trailer,Futuresport 1998, Ernest R. Dickerson,Vanessa Williams, Wesley Snipes, Dean Cain,  ,  ,
PT1M17S
sd
MovieID::::949
I honestly dont know what i saw in this show
Why didn't they change that comic lol
End my life.
Did the same people who made food fight animate this movie?
Looks like a cheap Wii game.
I loved this movie xD
0:34 look carefully at the poster
awesome movie
8.5/10

- "awesome movie for the whole family"
-MAX
I really don't like how Garfield's lips are moving. It was made very very clear in both the comic strip and the original TV show that Garfield can't talk. He only communicates through thought balloons and his lips didn't really move on the old show because he was thinking. Plus Frank Welker is not even trying to imitate Lorenzo Music.
Netflix, thats why I'm here....Netflix
Well, yes and no.

Somebody on the internet edited that strip and added Jon swearing.
Then, for whatever dumb reason, Paws inc. used THAT strip for the background.
The strip was edited, but not by Paws.
This not Garfield 3!!!!!!!!!
You know what's weird about this whole thing? That's Frank Welker doing Garfield's voice. Frank and Garfield's Original voice over actor Lorenzo Music used to do work together all the time. Most notable on the Real Ghostbusters. It's just weird hearing Ray Stantz talk like Peter Venkman. That's like Dan Aykroyd acting like Bill Murray. It's surreal.
@MrTweety2707 and thevisualboy37 - Neither the video nor the comic strip in the background were edited to make Jon swear.
i thought he was gonna turn real not like a carton
@thevisualboy37
Nope... Not edited.
122:
SUNSHINE! (?)
@ 0:18 Garfield hates mondays
0:33

THAT COMIC. LOL THAT COMIC.
@Coolerdbz69 Good quote, Sadly that show sucks... :(
Arlene! Its me! Garfield! Yeah right, and I'm the queen of England. Arlene wait! I'm really Garfield and I can (Arlene: huh?) proove it. Last year, I accidentally ate all your birthday cake and, and remember I fell asleep in front of the TV on our first date? Thanks for bringing back such good memories. What on earth are you doing in Odie's body? Ey, you tell me. Maybe thats what you get for always being so mean to Odie. You're right. I always treated him like a dog, and now I am one.
@Fortyn9n3 Sort of agree but rather have ghostbusters/garfield voice back ;)
epect loads of views because im doing this to study on
thats because Laronzo Music died years ago despite that i love this movie along with fun fest and pet force
a day without kicking odie on the table is like a day of what?
a day without kicking odie on the table is like a day of what?
@Mrcool210 Even worse, the real world that looks completely identical to the cartoon world. XD
garfields obviously in the real world where dogs and cats can talk. oh wait NO THEY CANT
@Revenger593 Extreme  Depression, even cats get it
@Pusscatification I know his fucking voice sucks!
I would buy this movie and i would watch the garfield show if they would change garfields freaking voice!
i hate mondays to! :)
i loved the comic strips and when the cartoon came out i just thought the voice sucked for garfield. insert sad face here
U shouldve stick with the 2d animation for this one... IT LOOKS AWFUL
@TheLizzard0 Haven't heard of him in a while :D
@ProtonFilms I agree there and even the 2 other movies were better where garfield looks "more real" than this "real garfield" movie is.
@estlib Still, the idea's awful, the Garfield Show is way better.
@ProtonFilms it was jim davis's own... >_> the original author of the comic?
can anyone tell me where i can get a good pic of Hale and Hardy? they r so cool
Ugh I hate the CG they use all the time now. Garfield is a cartoon, it just doesn't look right like this.
why can't they just stick to original animation and not this 3d crap, it looks horrible.
I know Jon's voice actor.
i love it so mutch
then you obviously haven't read the comics and comic strips

no one wants to watch live action rubbish with crap cgi, i actually preferred watching the 80s cartoon instead of the movie rubbish (i.e first and second movie) with crappy plot

i hope this will look better
its a good movie but i like the first and the second one better , garfield in real life is MUTCH more funniér and better then this one
Didn't Garfield already became "real" in the real world when they made Garfield The Movie? It's kinda ironic if you think about it.
Okay, this trailer is when you just know you're in trouble... Not only was the movie itself a disappointment, but Garfield's official youtube folks don't have the competence to upload the trailer in its proper widescreen format.
Why Jim Davis?!!!!!!
I find it funny that Frank Welker was the voice of most of the people in this trailer.
no wonder Garfield hates Mondays.
I really like garfield but the voice of garfield in this movie is not suitable at all.
FRANK WELKER?! Are you serious?! Oh man...!
If he was enough, they could've had HIM voice the entire cast of the show! (Then again, there were only 5 or 6 people voicing the entirety of Thundercats and I loved THAT too!)
But Frank Welker? Ehhh...I got to admit it...in my adult age, his voice gets a little annoying EVEN when he's just doing creature noises!
QuartuvLarry: I couldn't agree more, but seeing as how Lorenzo is no longer with us, I think they've probably found the best possible person to voice Garfield.  Frank Welker is the same guy who voiced Bo, Sheldon, and Booker in US Acres.  Even though he's clearly not Lorenzo Music, I think he does a MUCH better job on Garfield's voice than Bill Murray did...  Lorenzo Music's voice is next to impossible to imitate, and this is about as close as it gets, imho.
It's just not Garfield without Lorenzo Music!!!
Whoever's idea it was must've been fired...
Hello megdf328,
Thanks for contacting us.
Garfield Gets Real is now Available on DVD. It was released November 20, 2007. Garfield's Fun Fest is our latest movie. It will be available on DVD August 5, 2008 (that's next week). Go to "More Information" above or the Garfield web site for movie info and ordering details.

Thanks again,
Paws, Incorporated
574684 485 95 0 61
Visit - http://www.garfield.com/d2v/index.html The official Garfield Gets Real web site. Follow the world famous canine kicking fat cat as he encounters crazy cartoon characters, body-building house pets and blood-thirsty Chihuahuas. All this and more challenge Garfield at every turn in this wacky new adventure. Released November 20, 2007. Now available on DVD at http://www.garfield.com/shopping/ggr_fox_redirect.html
PT1M32S
sd
MovieID::::950
4908 29 1 0 0
'charmap' codec can't encode character '\u0131' in position 44: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::951
gracias por el video esta super  y un  saludo
many innocent native Indian men woman and children was killed, and their land stolen.
Chuck Connors is the perfect foundation for Conan of Cimmerian and almost as he is right as Slaine as well.
87000 197 16 0 3
Geronimo is a 1962 Technicolor Western film made by Levy-Gardner-Laven and released by United Artists, starring Chuck Connors in the title role. The movie loosely follows the events leading up to the final surrender and capture of Geronimo in 1886.
PT2M25S
sd
MovieID::::952
roberta vasquez the playmate with massive eyes.lol
Was this a full feature film?
8688 33 2 0 3
Get Out Of My Room Trailer 1985
Starring: Beverly D'Angelo, Cheech Marin,  Elvira, Jan-Michael Vincent, Thomas Chong,

Official Content From Universal Studios Home Entertainment

Four musical skits by the rock'n'rolling comedy team of Cheech and Chong.

Movie, Get Out Of My Room Movie,Get Out Of My Room Trailer,Get Out Of My Room 1985, Beverly D'Angelo, Cheech Marin,  Elvira, Jan-Michael Vincent, Thomas Chong,
PT1M7S
sd
MovieID::::953
10722 25 2 0 0
Forty years before a certain teen sensation played a pop star with a secret identity, Mary Ann Mobley played a girl who leads a similar double life. Prim and proper Co-ed Terry Tyler is secretly libber rock and roll songstress Joanie Harper. When her secret gets leaked during her senior year at staid Wyndham College, she beats a hasty Christmas break retreat to Sun Valley, where rock and romance awaits. Co-starring Nancy Sinatra and featuring performances by Stan Getz & Astrud Gilberto (a lush "Girl From Ipanema"), The Dave Clark Five ("Thinking of You"), and The Animals (covering Chuck Berry's "Around and Around").
PT2M35S
sd
MovieID::::954
supre ispada ni kaboda dadada boo baa baa gaa gaa gii goo gaa gaa
kespeto jepeto la vida ki kaliente mui bueno! jk I dnt speak italian :3
it must be The invisible boy 2 !! so when?
I like story :)
Wow! that escalated quickly.
just like a shut
i like invisible boy
c'est qui natacha
lnvisible love
Wtf is this.... - Goes and watches it. -  XDD
That was a weird film, overflowing with references.
Nominated for the EFA YOUNG AUDIENCE AWARD 2015 - be part of the Jury on 3 May! http://yaa.europeanfilmawards.eu/en_EN/invisible-boy
Wow, this movie looks AWESOME!!! It is like a junior version of "The Avengers". I just cannot wait to see it!
183782 208 29 0 18
The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer - Valeria Golino, Raicho Vasilev

Foreign trailer for The Invisible Boy.

The amazing superhero adventures of a 13-year-old boy whose growing pains prompt supernatural powers.

The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer
The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer
The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer
The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer
The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer
The Invisible Boy 2014 Foreign Trailer
PT2M
sd
MovieID::::955
How can i get this movie dubbed? In english
lol i watched this movie on telly last night very funny!
This movie sucks, not funny at all, i truly recommend not to watch it!
Somehow I think they missed the message
God Lord what did i just watched?
206960 175 6 0 6
Directed by François Desagnat, Thomas Sorriaux
Produced by Saj
Genres : Fiction - Runtime : 1 h 25 min
French release : 04/02/2004
Production year : 2003

The world is in a sorry state and human beings have lost their sense of humor. Things are serious. The God of Comedy can only offer one solution and that is to call upon the services of popular French comic Michaël Youn and his gang.
Their mission: to carry out the "11 Commandments" of comedy, testing the limits of tomfoolery, thereby allowing people to laugh again. They've got to try to dance a waltz in a state of weightlessness, 45,000 feet above the ground, flood a house and transform it into a swimming pool, play at beach volleyball in very tight shorts and go rollerblading after taking sleeping pills.

More info : http://en.unifrance.org/movie/24801/les-11-commandements
PT1M47S
sd
MovieID::::956
There's  a  movie  out like this already  The Manchurian Candidate
Theres already a movie out like this... with better actors. Whats it called??
To the maker of the is trailer, really, you don't need to show us the lab scene.
Anyway, this is a very good 2 and a half minutes movie. thanks.
Elizabeth(the girl he couldn't remember)  was my neighbor and in my high school. I can't wait to see this
Justice Leak and Rob Pralgo are both amazing actors and have gone on to become some of the best in the world.  I'm glad this work came out!
yeah! go see it!
I like the movie wants to see it
Very interesting. I would like to see the movie
I can see myself watching that on my free time. Good job!
120690 79 27 0 19
Ethan Galloway is struggling to re-enter a now-foreign world after leaving the hospital for a procedure he doesn't remember.

As disjointed and bewildering memories come tumbling back, unsure of what is real or imagined, Ethan begins painfully reassembling the puzzle pieces of his life ... despite efforts by friends and family to conceal the past.  Are they protecting him or is there a more sinister truth?

When he meets a young French woman, Camille, Ethan discovers that her connection to his family is more than he bargained for ... and that his simple quest for the true meaning of happiness may not be so simple after all.

SHARE THE WORD!  Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/ImplantedMovie, Facebook http://facebook.com/ImplantedMovie, and official site http://implantedmovie.com.
PT2M29S
hd
MovieID::::957
Film à voir à partir de 12 ans, pour les âmes sensibles, car avec des passages de photos terribles, bien que magnifiques, famine, guerre, folie humaine et meurtrière... Mais il est vrai que nos jeunes sont maintenant anesthésiés, avec overdose d'images chocs au journal de 20h, de façon régulière... Ce film se termine avec une note très constructive, et pleine d'espoirs, ayant replantés 15'000 arbres...  (Pascal Kotté, conseiller numérique et curateur pour les Grands-Parents pour le Climat www.GPclim.ch ;)
Beautiful film.  I had a conversation with a co-worker who could not believe people could be so easily brainwashed and I told her people blow themselves up because they are lost.  Sebastiao Salgado's pictures, Wim Wenders film tell that part of humanity's story in such a personal way.  Amazing storytelling.
whatever the little trailer I saw was enough to know abour the Salgado. the scenes were great.
Saw this at a film festival 5 months ago and again last night.  I hope this gets released in more theaters.  One of my favorite films of all time.  Mindblowing.
After seeing the movie, I can say that I would prefer to look at the beautiful photos in a book and read the stories behind them rather that watch the film.
What a pity it is that after official screenings, one cannot watch this amazing film...
Im still searching for the point of limitating your film  in this manner...after all..was it not made to influence the majority of humans on Earth...rather then take the money of some of them in the teathers??
#photography   Sebastião Salgado is a Brazilian social  #Documentary  documentary photographer and photojournalist . He has traveled in over 100 countries for his photographic projects. Most of these have appeared in numerous press publications and books. Touring exhibitions of this work have been presented throughout the world. Longtime gallery director Hal Gould considers Salgado to be the most important photographer of the early 21st century. Salgado is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He was awarded Foreign Honorary Membership of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1992 and was awarded The Royal Photographic Society's Centenary Medal and Honorary Fellowship (HonFRPS) in 1993 | During the last forty years, photographer Sebastião Salgado has been travelling through the continents, in the footsteps of an ever changing humanity. He has witnessed the major events of our recent history; international conflicts, famines, and exodus … He is now embarking on the discovery of pristine territories, of the wild fauna and flora, of grandiose landscapes: a huge photographic project which is a tribute to the planet's beauty  - Wikipedia   #legends
Sebastião's Salgado's life and work are revealed to us by his son, Juliano, who accompanied him during his most recent journeys, and by Wim Wenders, also a photographer.  Directed by : Wim Wenders, Juliano Ribeiro Salgado
Genre: Documentary - Runtime: 1 h 49 min
French release: 15/10/2014
Production year: 2014
http://youtu.be/jMb7eWaBVvQ
http://www.amazon.com/s?search-alias=stripbooks&field-isbn=9783836538725
http://en.unifrance.org/movie/38311/the-salt-of-the-earth
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebasti%C3%A3o_Salgado
http://www.pdngallery.com/legends/legends10/
When two great artists unite in a project, as Wim Wenders and Sebastiao Salgado did here, than the end product will be something special. So glad to have seen this documentary on the large cinema screen. I recommend it to everyone!
Rare are the times when my pen decides to write a note on a documentary I saw, or a photo that crossed my eyes, or a person I visited, because even if strong and touching they were, very few times they seemed genuine, very few times the people behind were not trying to promote themselves.
-The Salt of Earth - 2014, is a call for humanity, a call for awakening. Everyone should see this documentary and every photo Sebastião Salgado had offered us, in order to understand the real world we live in. We think too much of power and feel too little.
264553 717 7 0 10
Directed by : Wim Wenders, Juliano Ribeiro Salgado
Genre: Documentary - Runtime: 1 h 49 min
French release: 15/10/2014
Production year: 2014

During the last forty years, photographer Sebastião Salgado has been travelling through the continents, in the footsteps of an ever changing humanity. He has witnessed the major events of our recent history; international conflicts, famines, and exodus… He is now embarking on the discovery of pristine territories, of the wild fauna and flora, of grandiose landscapes: a huge photographic project which is a tribute to the planet's beauty.
Sebastião's Salgado's life and work are revealed to us by his son, Juliano, who accompanied him during his most recent journeys, and by Wim Wenders, also a photographer.

More info: http://en.unifrance.org/movie/38311/the-salt-of-the-earth
PT1M49S
hd
MovieID::::958
@zzbin - ditto but its 2011 now i cant find anywhere on the net where i can get the dvd!!! HELP!

Working on it!
Lets get that DVD up for rental!
@grayshorts I hope you have a chance to catch our run at the Gene Siskel Film Center in Chicago, May 7-13!
We live in the same apartment building as Vincent.  Very cool trailer.  Can't wait to see the film.  Good for him!
7357 14 0 0 5
Teaser Trailer for the feature length documentary on Chicago's own Fashion Man, Vincent P. Falk.
PT52S
sd
MovieID::::959
Marvelous movie with the always effecvtive James Bernard eerie score. Thanks!
1476 5 0 0 2
James Bernard: Main & End Title music from Across the Bridge (1957). Conducted by John Hollingsworth.
PT1M40S
hd
MovieID::::960
I love that the dude playing the mentally ill guy is the same guy who voiced Rex in the Toy Story series.
Wow! The first trailer I almost fell asleep watching it.
I was very disappointed to find his was not a spin off (or at least set in) to the universe of "The Lego Movie".
And ...... what will be the story about ?
I thought this was going to be a Lego Movie sequel
8801 24 10 0 7
http://www.hollywood.com

'A Master Builder' Trailer

Director:  Jonathan Demme

Starring:  Wallace Shawn, Julie Hagerty, Larry Pine

'Fear of Falling' is an adaptation of the Henrik Ibsen play 'The Master Builder', with a screenplay by Wally Shawn.

For more movie trailers, celebrity interviews and box office news visit Hollywood.com!
PT2M16S
hd
MovieID::::961
Jennifer Morrison is my favorite actress
the fucking jewish wolf of wall street at old school
This was like a Sons Of Anarchy casting call. Juice and Laroy (Theo Rossi and Cory Kittles) in action here.
I looked all over for this on Kodi and no luck. Thanks!!
You don't have to go to Arizona St. To see flat butt white girls
He cheated on Callie/Jen
young Jennifer Morrison was a piece of ass
We’re Jennifer Morison parts I’m making a fan doc and I need clips
I work with the real headake Smith!!!!!!
Aww Jen was so cute !!!
Only came here to see young Zachary Levi. Where do i find him at? Played someone named Adam I think
46:46 the shooter is Delonte West aka Lebron's Dad
1:08:14 Anyone else notice they used cardboard cutout spectators.
Man I love sports betting movies.
Why is it that, when I see carmine giovinazzo and david krumholtz together, I'm watching crime dramas on CBS? Krumholtz starred in Numbers alongside Rob Morrow, who I haven't seen on CBS since Northern Exposure. As for Giovinazzo, he co-starred alongside Gary Sinise in the CSI spinoff CSI: NY.
Thank you! I've been looking for this movie for the longest.
i like how Zachary doesn't smock :) <3
Very good movie. What the hell are you people talking about?
Only watched this for Theo Rossi
This movie sucks ass.
this movie sucks
56556 230 5 0 31
Jennifer once again... ;)
PT1H28M
sd
MovieID::::962
didn't know you were in this
another T & A slaher
I know you paused at 0:01!
whats the name of the song that starts at 1:03 ??
so they really kill all the girls except the most annoying one
youre exactly right pigman
The butler did it
piratebay dude
this movie was hilarious
hahaha only the song is oKe'''''(o)(O)

just watched, thought it could be funny. just the cop making a wrestling move was funny, rest of the film fucked up my fucking time!
LMFAO...sal and beatlejuice are in this movie?
So weak plus Shawn you didn't seem natural with a girl on you
Cópa de Panico??? sauhuasd
Where's BeetleJuice?
not when you watch it with a chick
"Your HOLES are in danger!"
so funny but y kill a naked galn in a church that could really offend really religous people
too bad for jerry lawler:(
such a shitty movie
ALL THOSE ASS!!!!!!!!!!!! *Lick Lips*
the king of memphis!! never know that jerry also casting movie...haha
my dick says "other wise"
Just so i'm clear if i watch this, i will have the opportunity to jerk it to boobies?
WHAT
A
PIECE
OF
SHIT
The killer is a girl...was shown in 1:26 lol!
Beetlejuice: 1:11
Pron movie not a horror movie.Is like scary movie + porn = stupid! waste of money and time.
Where is beetlejuice
now watching <3

so i downloaded it and watched it. its actually pretty good. 7/10
not really. he has sex with dead girls. doesnt metter had sex
Jerry Lawler: "i wrestled a little bit in college" = LOL
307394 77 50 0 35
http://www.girlsgonedeadmovie.com

The Official Trailer for the upcoming comedy/horror film "GIRLS GONE DEAD" which features Jerry "The King" Lawler; Ron Jeremy; Beetlejuice and Sal the Stockbroker (from Howard Stern); Caley Hayes ("Sex Drive"); Penthouse Pet Ryan Keely; Al Sapienza ("Saw V"; "The Sopranos"); scream-queen Linnea Quigley; Penthouse Model Janessa Brazil; and many more!

Releases July 17th courtesy of E1 Entertainment.
PT1M31S
hd
MovieID::::963
me too,....i LUV WATERMELON and i'm native american of the Pur'epecha tribe! =[

Eat dat watermelon with plenty of hot chili powder, salt and lime juice,..ymmmhmmm! =)
you can purchase it at the film's website (mvpmovie.com). it's also available via Amazon.
where can i find this doc?  will i have to scour the library?
Blacksploitation from "leaders of the community" is fantastic. Makin money off the backs of those who lived it. Just like whitey!
This was a pretty amazing documentary.
eat dat watermelon, eat dat watermelon... sure is good.
I came for watermelon tips and I'm leaving disappointed.
@statelybird3 You sure use a lot of derogatory racial slurs for someone who claims to be apposed to racism.

Maybe you think it doesn’t count if you do it because the “other” people deserve it? Congragulations, you’re a rascist, and a true heir-apperent to the lagacy that you claim to appose.


I came here for watermelon :(
I have not learned how to consume and digest the melon of water any more efficiently.  This video is a scam.
shit, where are the watermelons
@feistykillerwhale lol
melvins great, baadaasss by his son was real good, and of corse sweet sweetback, such a kool film - woo watermelon man, no watermelon in that either  haha, but yes great documentary

I didn't see a single watermelon.
Yah, that was kinda stupid, and did NOT portray OR explain the wonderful documentary work by Melvin Van Peebles....sorry, but I have to agree with WTFDIJW?



what the F did I just watch. LOL
Spike Lee Freemason slave!!

Putting racist stuff Out for the MASTER.
The second song "this aint america"

Who is this song by?
I love the idea that people came here expecting some racist b.s on watermelon instead of intelligent metaphor of how to get around what people use to hold u back.
Do you thang Melvin you encourage all of us who are awake!

So, I came here wanting to find out how to eat water melon in white company, and instead watched... whatever the hell this is.
This doc streams on NEtflix right now....love it! :-)
Melvin Van Peebles was an Icon of the 70's . he is up there with Gordon Parks , Issac Hayes, Pioneers
@joeangio yep. Sweetback soundtrack made by Earth Wind and Fire before their disco debut.
wtf is this really what happenes when you eat watermelon in white company while enjoying it
@grimyguerilla

I agree completely grimyguerilla.  Sorry for the misunderstanding.  Thank you for your response by the way.  Glad to see there are still people out there than don't have to discuss posts on youtube with phrases like "f**k you" or "your an idiot". :)
@grimyguerilla and maybe it has always been.
@SkyPry Ok SkyPry, sorry I overreacted because your comment seemed, for me, to apologize the white slave trade as africans were involved in selling human beings like stock. i think we both know, that this can't be upheld likewise neither do whites own the monopoly on it. egypt is as good an example as any other else. sure human trafficking is still an issue, and slavery is alive and kicking in the postmodern world. but nowadays its more a question of socioeconomic background than ethnicity.
@grimyguerilla Relax "grimyguerilla".  It goes without saying that slavery has been around for a very, very long time.  I thought that was just common knowledge.  It seems you misunderstood me.  I am not saying that the colonial Americans were innocent by any means.  All I said was that white people did not pioneer slavery.  Just like you said "ever heard of Greece, Rome or Egypt".  That being said, we should stop dwelling in the past and focus on fixing the human trafficking problems of today.
@SkyPry thats some stupid comment on the issue... actually slavery is much older than the US... ever heard of greece, rome or egypt ? those african slaves sold by africans have been debtslaves or people taken prisoners in local wars. anyway, what youre trying to say is, that because africans participated in the slavetrade whites are innocent ? who profitted most of it ? did you know that the transatlantic slavetrade only summed up to 15 million people ? who owned the plantations ?
@Halcyonwanderer the video
@statelybird3 But how often are those parents successful? =(
hookers and the homeless :D
Obama don't have to give me a got d**n thing--I will get that s**t myself. He can get his own and step aside. Power!!
@statelybird3
I wouldn't say white people pioneered it.  Africans sold them Africans.
1712newyork blackcodes
1804 ohio blacklaw
1808 washington black codes
1850 Runaway Slave Act.
Convict lease System
1880-1910.
1901 blackdruglaw act.
This is a few reason why one would produce something like this gone with the wind.
The GoodSoupShow.
God gave man authority,now take that authority and take control of the world around you
Yes, but the electoral votes are based on population, therefore it's impossible for 10% of the population to slip through the cracks.
Yes, but ultimately it was about state's rights. I don't disagree with what you're saying at all. I'm just tired of hearing hwo it was about slavery. Lincoln wanted to send them all back to Africa, if I recall correctly and that's why Liberia was set up in west Africa, to repatriate these people.
Yes, that's very true, but it wasn't truly white people who made their money from the slave trade. It was the Jews. Do some research and you will find that to be the deeper truth. Dutch Jews are who profited most from the Trans Atlantic slave trade.
The American Civil war was about states rights and not slavery, people need to stop believe the fairy tale lies they learn in grammar school. Think about it, since whitey hates blacks so much and wants to keep them down. With that in mind, do you really think any whites would've fought to free blacks? The North just wanted more control through federalization and the South wanted more autonomy as was the intent in the Constitution. I personally think the wrong side lost.
That isn't true, since there is no popular vote in this country. The electoral votes are the ONLY ones that count. So it is possible for a man to lose the electoral vote but win the popular vote.
Europeans purchased African slaves from other Africans; Africans "kidnapped" other africans and sold them to white people. White people, alone, are not responsible for slavery in the western world. Secondly, if I remember correctly, it was white people who fought and died in the civil war to free black people. And it was white people in congress who passed the Civil Rights Act. And it's white people who passed affirmative action.
Don't get the impression that you will ever get the upper hand one the white race. We brought you out of the jungle, taught you how to use tools, and put real roofs over your heads and this is the thanks we get. Furthermore Obama is a puppet for white interests he has no real power and half white anyways his good half.
@fruitsofnews: the first track is the theme from "Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song;" the second is "This Ain't America;" the third (bluesy) track is from the movie "Watermelon Man," all written by Melvin Van Peebles.
I want to see this.
In what age range? And what's the comparison to Caucasians?
But Africa has a history of white 'intermixture', too. I heard some stories of border disputes where white South Africans were barred from crossing because the border patrols assumed the passports and documents were faked (since an African HAD to be black.) It doesn't mean you're wrong, it just means that they weren't necessarily wrong to list an African as white just because he was an African.
Okay, if you think that America is not one of the least racist countries in the world, I am curious as to what you think is a country with little racism.
Well if that man existed (Which I doubt severely), than he probably did it for the bonuses that come with being a minority and looking white. His family could get into college easier, they wouldn't have to suffer any racism, and he could essentially reap the benefits of both races. btw, if they listed him as a white man automatically, wouldn't that just fucking prove my point. That Egypt is industrial because it's a white, European country that happens to be on a certain continent.
I'm not sure if we where considered "Developed" at that time. I mean hell, before WW2 America was really just considered a backwater nation.
And we were the only developed nation to base our slavery on race, and keep that "institution" as late as we did.
More black males in prison than in colleges. Hmm, do you see a problem with this?
No, it was a response that didn't get posted properly. I was just stating the fact that we didn't invent slavery. I'm not saying it was right. I'm just saying, we weren't the first ones to do such a thing. Israelites, Africans, Indians (Eastern and Western), and even the Japanese, all have forms of slavery that where involved in their pasts. It's just something that we need to get over, and move away from, if we want to advance as a nation.
Parents? You must mean "parent" , since over 70% of black children are born out of wedlock. Maybe black fathers should stop abandoning their families.
There are records of black slaves in Africa before the slave trade market was even thought of. Those where the consequences of war in Africa. When a tribe lost a war to another tribe, the loosing side was enslaved. The European slave trade was started, by buying, already-enslaved Africans from Africa.
I know you don't really believe that :-)
go back to europe. if i was ashamed of my past i would teach my kids different and to do so i  would have to put down another to make my family look better. sound familiar,"I  think there is mere crime by Black People..."
u will NEVER understand and u don't want tot(ignorance=racism)... you are so brainwashed by the media and movies... i've never commited a major crime except traffic violations... you just showed your intellegence level by generalizing black folks... so by your preachings, you eat people and touch kids...
America is one of the least racist countries in the world. I am not going to say that there is no racism whatsoever here, but if you really want to see what racism looks like, go to Russia or Eastern Europe.
I think there is mere crime by Black People so don't talk crap!
You're racist!!!!!
you admit to me in reply that

-white ppl need to change

-white ppl fuk up the world

always remember NOTHING last 4ever and there WILL b a judgement day and its coming sooner than u think.  Even the whitehouse is black  just the beginning! i will eat a watermelon you go eat some dog shit or some raw meat like ur used to!
"should just look and see where your white hating and racial hatred is getting you..'''' what a joke, working WITH u demons got us into the situation we r in now.  u ppl are a bunch of judas and u know that, admitted it.  I cant blame you its in your devils blood thats y ur white brother wrote the satanic bible, like a guide cuz he knows u r the devils children!  Only ppl with consciences feel guilt so please dont say guilt and caucasian in the same sentence.
keep watching the tv telling u that africa is in ruins, its the best place on this planet and my relatives live like the kings they are!  B$ white ppl came along we were just fiiiine and much like ur kind did to the indians and through ur OWN ADMISSION u fukd shit up AGAIN!!!!!
WHITE PEOPLE have:

no color

no culture

no conscience
And why do I ask this? Because I know the answer. Africans are just as much to blame for slavery as the dutch are. FACT: Africans sold themselves to the Dutch.
As soon as you realize that many whites aren't pure evil, you will realize how hateful and devilish your hatespeech is. Simple minded hate won't prevail. Don't think for a second that I'm the guy whipping you with metal tipped whip. btw, I'm clean when it comes to slavery and oppression, Eastern Europe had barely any slaves, and my roots come from a village in Poland, and a small castle in Ireland, Ireland being a poor ass country at the time. My slate is clean, how about yours?
it would be pointless as u and ur kind only understand LIES and bullshit, when speaking truthfull u ppl never understand.  Evil never prevails for long, go and watch tv, this couple hundred of years u ppl have bin on the up side of thing is just a drop in the bucket to whats in store for you. THINK 2 URSELF where were white ppl b4 they started to prosper.  Answer: the same day u will b when judgement day, in hell!  ur days r numbered caveman
If you explain yourself clearly, I will be able to listen, but as of now, your ghettoitis is clearly showing. Should I talk in caps calling you a black panther porchmonkey too? You should know though, all white people know in some degree that they fucked over the world and yes, we are proud of it. You know why? BECAUSE WE WIN EVERY TIME. You can call me a "kkkraker," but I'll just go back to owning land and people. You can rise the highest position of power and we'll still be more powerful.
i 4got to add

...BEIOTH!
black on white racism...HAAAAA HAAAA HHHAAAA HHAAAAAAAA HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
im riled up cuz i gave u some knowledge, ur white so thats y u act this way! FACT:  white ppl NEVER like TRUTH rich by evil means????now that something for u guys to be proud of????? Egyptians were not black??ur dumber  than i thought.  oh ya ur white u ppl are the FATHERS OF LIES.
lol wut? I can make you this riled up for stating a fact? I think I just hit the black on white racism gold mine, no, scratch that, diamond mine considering we stole all your diamonds in the bore war lol. btw, Egyptians aren't considered a black African race, but a white/arab European race considering they aren't black and are rich. Bye bye half your argument lol.
lmao u fukin fool u r soo lost about ur own demonic ppl I cant argue with u. U have no sense go watch some tv fool
lol, that's why aids is rampant in Africa right?
defact got trolled hard.
Lawdy mercy!
and still you cannot see why people just dont to be around you?
johninva, you're not making any sense.
Ok, respect to that.  Good reply :-)
who are you addressing john?  who's hate - oh do you mean black people put the wheels in motion that result in the climate of today??  Oh I guess black people are responsible soley for slavery and it's aftermath that is still being felt....not sure what or why you posed your comment - pray tell!
wow what a beautiful and intellegent man.  Always thought his son was great but now see where he gets it from :-)
The father of the whole black exploitation genre.
sweetback badass song was stupid and horrible, it was awfully made and the story sucked
The bible says murder is to "lie,in wait ,to kill a man for no reason".did he have a reason?if so he's just a killer not a murderer.And with that definition,I refrain'.THRUST HOME!!
being lonely can really screw some up.Huh?
melvin was a murderer featured in one of the best episodes of homicide life on the streets called the documentary. Sorry I spoiled the episode for you. it was a great perfromance. I live here in baltimore.
THATS GREATNESS
Why did someone move your cheese?  When and where did you last see your cheese?
it's a figurative title created from an artistic license.  for example, "who moved my cheese?" has nothing to do with cheese.
Now I'll take Melvin Van over Petey Greene anyday. Melvin is the the MAN!
It is what it is to the person who watches it man.
Obviously not for you so what are you doing here?

Let's see some trailers for your flicks. How about any songs, paintings, anything you've done that makes anyone else feel anything worth mentioning and gives you credability as a critic here?

Cause your poorly writen criticism with no substance doesn't get you anything here.
If you're going to write something so half assed then why bother at all.
This looks fucking amazing.
120576 257 36 0 98
Trailer to award-winning doc on Melvin Van Peebles, featuring Spike Lee, Gil Scott-Heron, Mario Van Peebles, Gordon Parks & more.  Music Box Films will re-release the DVD and VOD in February 2016. To buy DVD & watch more videos, visit www.mvpmovie.com
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::964
Old and ugly women, who cares
take a shot every time you see a poc
What is the song of the trailer ?
im just a lost<k-lol> ( quadruplet  my mom posed for Camilla nickerson with a green fur jacket and  we also have coloring pages if u know anything bout this   - please let me know... ty
someone uploaded it to youtube. you can watch it now.
any link to watch it online for free?
I have to watch this...!!!!
Jade's idea about fashion is similar to mine.
D6 , mean duck 6
I am educktor
Dec. 6? Too far away :)
Is the DVD out?

i love this documental... i watched this on HBO last night
84606 366 2 0 16
'charmap' codec can't encode characters in position 791-792: character maps to <undefined>
MovieID::::965
This is an awesome movie!!  Jim Caviezel is AMAZING in it!!
9532 14 0 0 1
"Savannah" starring Jim Caviezel, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Jaimie Alexander, Bradley Whitford, Sam Shepard, Hal Holbrook and Jack McBrayer.  Directed by Annette Haywood-Carter.  Written by Kenneth F. Carter, Jr. and Annette Haywood-Carter
PT2M6S
hd
MovieID::::966
where can I watch the movie with subtitles? I speak spanish but if it's in english its ok for me hehe
Tämä leffa on vaarallinen! Jos katot, ota se riski että voit kuolla nauruun! :D
iha vitun hyvä! (y) suosittelen :D
Enpä ollu aikasemmin kuullu ees että tämmönen leffa oli edes tehty, onneks eksyin makuuniin ja lainasin ::)  HUIKEE LEFFA !
Vittuu mietin koko ajan et kuka toi kikkarapää mies oikeen on ku näytti nii tutulta ;D mut se oli salkkareiden Valtteri :) mut se on kyl hyvä näytteliä ^-^!!
hyihyihyyiii valtteri elovirta D;;
iha helvetin hyvä:D kävin eilen kattoo
Tä on pakko nähdä! :D
44185 47 7 0 8
Seuraa Simoja! http://facebook.com/3simoa http://www.3simoa.fi http://twitter.com/3simoa Elokuvateattereissa 14.9.2012!
"Yksi ei halua olla Simo, toinen esittää Simoa, kolmas vain sattui syntymään Simoksi"

3SIMOA on komedia, joka kertoo kahdesta Sörnäisissä asuntomurtoja tehtailevasta varkaasta Lassesta ja Simosta, sekä siitä kuinka Lassesta tulee Simo ja Simosta Antero. Kaiken keskellä Eeva pysyy omana itsenään ja kolmas Simo vaan on vauva.

Pääosissa: Paula Vesala, Rami Rusinen, Olli Rahkonen, Pekka Strang, Antti Reini, Matti Onnismaa, Annika Aapalahti.
Ohjaus: Teemu Nikki
Käsikirjoitus: Teemu Nikki, Jani Pösö
PT1M16S
hd
MovieID::::967
Came here for Tom... that's it
44639 113 8 0 1
The Disappeared.
PT2M24S
sd
MovieID::::968
loved this movie, loved this family so much, I was very very moved and I wish the best of luck to them!!!
Just saw this documentary film on CBC TV.  I missed the first half but what I saw was fantastic.
16696 23 3 0 2
Eleven year old Masha Kulabokhova is about to be adopted into fourteen year old Cami Diaz's family. Masha grew up in a Russian orphanage; Cami was born and raised in Wisconsin and has been the exclusive focus of her parents' love her whole life. The process of Masha becoming part of the Diaz family is going to change both girls forever.

THE DARK MATTER OF LOVE follows Masha as she leaves Russia to the spend her first year as part of the Diaz family, who have also adopted five year old twin boys Marcel and Vadim.

When the reality of bonding with children who have grown up in institutions turns out to be more difficult than they ever imagined, the Diaz's hire two of the world's best developmental psychologists to help them build their new family - through science.

Professor Emeritus at the University of Virginia School of Medicine, Dr Robert Marvin, has spent a lifetime developing a world-renowned therapy program that draws upon the past 100 years of scientific discoveries in the field of parent child love.

By connecting the Diaz's with his research, Dr Marvin believes that he can help them create an environment in which Masha, Marcel and Vadim can form supportive, loving relationships.

Sometimes hilarious, sometimes heartbreaking, THE DARK MATTER OF LOVE melds the story of the Diaz family learning to love, with rare archive footage of science experiments exploring parent child love.

The science of love has an intriguing and dark past. Experiments on monkeys, birds and even human children have contributed to science's knowledge of love's inner workings.

Director Sarah McCarthy fuses revealing footage of these experiments to the narrative, drawing audiences deeper into the dark matter of love and encouraging them to contemplate their own relationships through an unflinching, scientific lens.

WHY WE NEED YOUR HELP

Our film is finished and we cannot wait to share it with you! But we need your support to make this happen. Having squeezed the last penny out of our budget during our editing process, we are in need of additional funds to license our archive footage and our music.

You can find our Kickstarter at http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/darkmatterlove/the-dark-matter-of-love-0

Please help us spread the word and keep in touch with us through www.facebook.com/TheDarkMatterOfLove or wwww.twitter.com/darkmatterlove

And thank you from the bottom of our hearts for your support,

Sarah and Grace
PT2M58S
hd
MovieID::::969
11211 13 1 0 0
After their service in the Civil War, four brothers go their separate ways, but later find themselves on opposite sides of a final showdown.

Director:
Irving Pichel
Writers:
Kenneth Gamet (screenplay), James Vance Marshall (novel)
Stars:
Randolph Scott, Janis Carter, Jerome Courtland
PT1M1S
hd
MovieID::::970
18090 21 2 0 0
Peter Haber och Mikael Persbrandt är tillbaka som Martin Beck och Gunvald Larsson i den nya Beckfilmen Rum 302!
PT1M24S
sd
MovieID::::971
THIS IS THE SCHOOL I WENT TO GO JACKETS
such a good movie and it was filmed at my high school well 5 years after I graduated
She seems bigger in this movie than in hairspray but she's really not that big remember she is under 5 ft and weighs 71 kg she's a size 14 in clothes she looks bigger cause she's small but still to me she looks bigger in Queen sized than in hairspray
I am watching this movie right now. I was in high school ten years earlier before this movie aired. I understand what she went through. I went through the same thing I was different wasn't like other girls. I was the outsider nobody never ask me would like to hang out or anything. I have come a long way from high school.
She is very attractive and one day she is gonna drop that weight an everyone gonna be like "Damn"  you all got admit she has a very pretty face.
Emotional eating is an eating disorder. Eating disorders are not about food. There are reasons (root causes) and, once you find out what those are you have begun to take away "Ed's" lies.
You can be pretty on the outside, but if you are nasty on the inside it shows your true colors.
lifetime needs more Moives like Teen bullying and Eating their Feelings out Movies..
i can almost Related to this film i was never homecoming but i did eat my feelings.out. my mom push me to lose weight. :( still Trying to get heatlhy.. but its Really hard. i really love this moive because i can Learn from it alot .....

when ever i get upset or bored i will just Eat my feelings out and i been bullied in school so i know how it feels to be the Fat girl and i am still am that Fat girl...
aaaw, how nice! now everybody will think that hollywood ISN'T discriminating against FAT poeple. FUCK THIS SHIT!!!!!....
@TheAliciaAndDemiShow yea, youre right. but not many people follow that. "not many".
if ur fat u deserve to be fat who told u to eat that much junk food and lay down and watch tv all day. THINGS DONT JUST HAPPEN FOR NO REASON
@Livelly Firstly, learn to write in English!!

secondly, it's really sad to know there're people like you in the world!!!
guys anyone know the name at the song when he is at that Party????
My name is maggie LOL I had a weight problem 2 but I lost 35 pounds so I'm at a good weight now
@Karamanio

Ik heb de film gisteren gezien! mijn man zelfs bleef kijken, was een leuke film trouwens!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!

And nikki blonsky is reaalllyy pretty
i hate trailes which tell you the whole story dammit
now i know that the girl get mobbed a lot because of her sized but in the end she becomes queen of the prom and shows that the inside only matters.

great disney movie no near to reality. In highschool nobody cares about the inside, if you're ugly you're not cool
I like the movie

I saw it yesterday on tv

and I liked one of the actors very much

but I can't find his name

it was the boy on his telephone

and than Casey said Maggie had to ask him for his signature to run the game
whats that song in the background?
Well you just answered my question lol
LOL...yeah are you retarded? Or has the tanning infected your brain?
I have to say their has been every kind of prom queen you can imagine. I really dislike shallow people, you don't have to be this way and yet you choose to be. I really don't get it.
Let me guess, the movie can't be posted online because "Lifetime" will have a problem with it.   Like anyone dies to watch their fucking movies anyway.
I found another page that says its Nikky Blonsky singing - on a high        she is supposed to have an album coming out??
On a High by Duncan Sheik   (original song)  haven't figured out who does this version
Seriosuly. I want to see it. I was so sad I had to leave home and miss it.
I missed it last night. So sad.
wats the song in this trailer
does anyone know if the movie is comming to germany ???? pls tell me
u can buy the movie on Itunes for $3.99
tak tanya pun!!
that girl reminds me of my friend hannah people pick on her for being big
Can't wait to see it. I love Nikki Blonsky
184276 123 18 0 40
Barry Zate Voices
PT31S
sd
MovieID::::972
It's been out for over a year now, the footage is all pretty old but its a sick video
That looks sick, i must go grab me a copy any idea when it is released if not already??
3504 3 2 0 3
trailer for the surf movie headfirst, a year in the life of the surf by Will Skudin Beau Dempsey and Michael Cimino
PT2M54S
sd
MovieID::::973
0:51 but that is "O My God" in swedish. In finnish they say "Voi Luoja". Are there some talking in swedish in this movie too?
Meen luultavasti huomen kattoo kaverin kaa
Ei taida rampe tietää... <3
Paljon olis huolesta pois.... JOS likka menis naimisiin :)
55513 70 9 0 4
Likkaa ahdistaa seurustella sinänsä fiksun Pirkan kanssa. Likan vanhemmat, Eila ja Rampe, haluavat kuitenkin kovasti tutustua paremmin Pirkkaan ja hänen hienostuneeseen äitiinsä. Sattuman ja erehdyksen kautta Eila valtaa kesänaapureidensa tyhjänä olevan, pramean huvilan ja valehtelee kylään piipahtaneelle Pirkan äidille, että luksushuvila on hänen ja Rampen. Kulissit on hyvä pitää yllä. Huvilan oikeat omistajat, karkotetaan Eilan ja Rampen vaatimattomaan mökkiin.

Likka häpeää vanhempiaan kaikissa tilanteissa samalla kun hän etsii keinoa, millä tehdä lopullinen ero poikaystävänsä Pirkan kanssa. Valheet ja väärinkäsitykset seuraavat toisiaan. Pirkka ottaa käyttöönsä uuden, machon strategian, minkä jälkeen Likka näkee poikaystävänsä uusin silmin - mutta onko kaikki liian myöhäistä? Onko laiva jo irronnut laiturista? Miksi hammasharja on oudon näköinen.

Ohjaus: Taru Mäkelä
Pääosissa: Heidi Herala, Pirkka-Pekka Petelius, Emmi Parviainen, Riku Nieminen, Pirkko Hämäläinen, Eila Roine
PT1M30S
hd
MovieID::::974
taco hemingway marmur
The director, Jerzy Kawalerowicz, was very attentive to the fact that the form of the film image should be closely related to the content of individual scenes. He carefully selected the cinematic means of expression. In the analysis of this scene, he discussed the way of presenting space, composition of the frame, lighting, sound layer, and costumes of the characters. We welcome you to join us!
Kapitalny film!
Should've used some more shots from when they chase the actual killer. One of the most beautifully shot sequences on film - and incredibly tense.
20108 86 0 0 5
Kawalerowicz's celebrated film is considered one of the finest achievements of Polish cinema. Employing a classic Hitchcockian premise - two people, one
possibly a killer on the run, sharing a compartment on a crowded overnight train - Kawalerowicz turns a thriller into an intriguing character study of ordinary people in unusual circumstances.
Jerzy Kawalerowicz's NIGHT TRAIN (Pociag) which is released as part of our Polish Cinema Classics 4-DVD Box Set.

Featuring impressive performances from Lucyna Winnicka (Mother Joan of the Angels), Zbigniew Cybulski (the 'Polish James Dean') and Leon Niemczyk
(Knife in the Water), Night Train is more than simply a thriller... taut and gripping but also suffused with humour and warmth and boasting a wonderful jazz score by renowned composer Andrzej Trzaskowski.
PT1M1S
sd
MovieID::::975
sama ku tekisi minusta leffan  olis paljo jännempää
Turpa kii Korso o paras paikka
Onko tää niinku vantaalta
Me tehtiin noita juttuja. Missä On provikat? Vitun HOMOT???
0:23 landbo hoods :D:D
korso on just rento mesta
Korso official music video: TWWTH & GRACIAS -- High Mountain
Jälkimmäinen biisi: KXP - Flags and Crosses
Jee,tänään vihdoin näin Korso-elokuvan. Tykkäsin. Kiitos Sanoma/Metro kutsuvieras ennakosta.
Alkupuolella soiva biisi Twwth - Anna Latautua
Korso pitäs polttaa, täynnä kaikkii paskahousuja ja narkkareita. FUCK KORSO
Julkaistaan suoraan harju et pöntisellä maaliskuussa
Ahhh mikkola <3
64044 115 15 0 27
KORSO. 6620 kilometriä New Yorkista.

ELOKUVATEATTEREISSA 28.2.2014
korsoleffa.fi

Korsolainen Markus haaveilee katukoristähteydestä New Yorkissa, vaikka todellisuudessa päivät kuluvat kavereiden kanssa pelaillen ja lähiössä lorvien. Tasainen arki saa käänteen, kun pikkusisko Heta tuo kotiin yöksi uuden poikaystävänsä, kongolaistaustaisen Jojon. Itsetietoinen lukiolaispoika Jojo nauraa Markuksen unelmalle. Markus päättää hankkia matkarahat New Yorkiin, ja pistää itsensä ja lopulta kaverinsakin likoon todistaakseen että unelma on kaikkea muuta kuin typerä.

Ohjaus Akseli Tuomivaara
Tuotanto Bufo & Tuffi Films
PT1M30S
hd
MovieID::::976
parece como piloto
Tiene un año que la vi y me gusto
Recientemente la vi... está preciosa.
So why does this look different from the movie? Deleted sceens, the cat Shepard looks a bit diffrent as well
Tengo entendido que es una colaboración de Españoles y Franceses ...
Segun FilmAfinity dice que es de Origen Espaniola... pero independientemente el tema la trama y el estilo tan depurado... como juegan con los elementos en base a animacion 2D y su mezcla de 3D... toda una Obra Maestra.
Ah todavía me acuerdo cuando vino el padre de una amiga que había trabajado en la película y nos mostró como se hizo y todo(esto sucedió en Argentina)
@TheGamemasterNP grasias,q Dios te bendiga ¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡
perdonen¿alguie me pede desir como era el nombre del gato q cuidaba al nene???
De donde  de que pais salio esta obra de arte?
que bonita parece :D quiero verlaaaaa
Esta peli está genial
this is so epic even though I dont know what they are saying!!
Una excelente pelicula. La recomiendo ampliamente.
maravillosa peliculas
me entra miedo ya d ver el trailer

xDD

y eso q es d dibujos!
65377 112 3 0 17
Nocturna es una palícula que trata sobre la oscuridad, en la que la cantante Natalia ha participado en el doblaje.
PT1M23S
sd
MovieID::::977
Capt. Nemo meets the Creature from the Black Lagoon, lol.
Herbert better survive...
good ol price
it is available now on netflix
Tab hunter the closet queen
I first heard 'a han named Pervert'.
PLEASE  bring back the full movie!!
Not the best movie with Vincent really.
Amazing movie, I found the movie yesterday but today Youtube removed it
This movie is just like Jonny quest episode!
Our ancestors used to watch crap like this. Haha, no wonder we are all so fucked up.
War Gods of the Deep is available on DVD & any movie with Vincent Price, Tab Hunter & the beautiful Susan Hart in it is worth the price of purchase. A really good interesting view & one off Price's lesser know movie roles.
A mixture of Edgar Allen Poe's "The City in the Sea" and Jules Verne's "20,000 Leagues Beneath the Sea."
seen this on a bootlegged website the movie was fun to watch!
47772 125 6 0 17
1965 Vincent Price. A lost city beneath the sea off the coast of Cornwall... Price is the captain overseeing a group of sailors who have lived there for more than a century where the peculiar mix of gases has allowed them to extend their lifespan.
PT2M22S
sd
MovieID::::978
16008 42 4 0 0
Directed by : Jean Aurel
Produced by : Lira Films
Genre: Fiction - Runtime: 1 h 25 min
French release: 07/11/1969
Production year: 1969

An older woman uses a younger woman to satisfy both his personal and professional needs in this offbeat sex comedy. Clara (Brigitte Bardot) is beautiful young woman who has been hired by Jerome (Maurice Ronet), a middle-aged novelist, to work as his secretary and take dictation. However, Jerome has been suffering from a severe case of writer's block, and what he needs most at this point is inspiration. Clara's beauty fires his imagination, if not necessarily for literary matters, and as he dictates to her, he shares stories of his sensual past and fantasies of his future. Through his words and actions, Jerome seduces Clara, though it seems obvious this as much her doing as his; however, while Jerome is strictly the "love 'em and leave 'em" type, Clara has a more stable relationship in mind.

More info: http://en.unifrance.org/movie/1094/the-vixen
PT2M59S
sd
MovieID::::979
Great movie!
Have a rice day
I love this movie.
2579 9 0 0 3
Under Pressure Trailer 1999
Director: Craig R. Baxley
Starring: Charlie Sheen, David Andrews, John Ratzenberger, Mare Winningham,  ,

Official Content From Sony Pictures Home Entertainment

The heat is at record highs, the air conditioner is broken, the milk has gone bad, the repairman can't find the house... and then there's the neighbor. Lyle Wilder, a celebrated firefighter, whose scorn for the young Braverton family next door turns to outright assault as his heroic exterior begins to unravel from the inside.

Movie, Under Pressure Movie,Under Pressure Trailer,Under Pressure 1999, Craig R. Baxley,Charlie Sheen, David Andrews, John Ratzenberger, Mare Winningham,  ,
PT2M38S
sd
MovieID::::980
Skills on the luma matte
my grandma is 7 years old
Good huh. Picture in Picture movie.
Too bad they don't do that do the women who talk on their cellphones or bring their babies.
Even in 1909 there were douchebags who came in late and disturbed everybody else.
Perfect this movie
TF2 players would adore those hats
She needed a big black guy to knock it off of her head.
I suspect the 'Frenchman' is Mack Sennett. He played excitable foreigners a lot in early Biograph comedies and it looks like Sennett's movements here.
that is awesome shorts yo...florence lawrence should b called now mary pickford big sister n grandma of silent movies haha
Florence Lawrence- the first movie star STILL doesn't have a star on the walk of fame??  Absurd!  She definitely should be recognized!!!
its nice seeing these historic vids! Thumbs up!
Wow! That was made 100 years ago. Sad that all those people would have passed on by now. These old movies always give me more perspective on life.

One amazing thing I noticed......was that picture overlay (the movie screen top left) in the original movie. For 1909 that was done so well. Especially the ladies moving in front of the movie screen. Although teh effect made the main picture a bit wobbly. Still great for the era.
I have been researching about Florence Lawrence for a long time. Recently I discovered some stills from this D. W. Griffith's short that clearly indicated that the lady in a white dress is Ms. Lawrence. In 25 years in the motion picture industry she made 291 movies.
The lady in a white dress with a floral hat is Florence Lawrence.
thats an awesome name.
The lady in a white dress with a floral hat is Florence Lawrence.
the leading lady of the film is Flora Finch, not Florence Lawrence.

Hugo
More Florence Lawrence please.....
Thank you for this vid.  Very interesting.
I'd love to see some more Florence Lawrence clips, if anyone could find them ...
DOWN IN FRONT!!  LOL



SRSLY, cell phones are more of a PITA!
Thanks for uploading this!
Lol, brilliant.



Seems to be right up Benny Hill's ally.
41867 234 8 0 28
A gentleman with a top hat, and a series of women with ever more ludicrous hats enter a movie theatre. They refuse to remove them, until a giant bucket forcibly removes one hat. All but one woman then remove their hats, and the bucket returns to remove the woman.



Those Awful Hats

(1909) American

B&W : Split-reel

Directed by D.W. Griffith

Cast: Flora Finch, Linda Arvidson, Mack Sennett, Arthur V. Johnson, John R. Cumpson, Florence Lawrence
PT2M46S
sd
MovieID::::981
A great man who lost to the face of evil politics in the highest office of the land, there was no deception in McGovern at all.
I was 13 and saw him at one the train stops with my big brother and cousin who volunteered for him. He left a big impression on me. He will always be my ideal of what a leader should be and what the Democratic party could have been. He was the last honest, moral politician and what tragedy he lost to such an evil man as Nixon.
And then Obama bombed Libya, illegally.

And before that, Clinton bombed Serbia, illegally.

The Democrats have NOT learned, EITHER.
A GREAT VIDEO THANK you so much so great
A GREAT GREAT GREAT MAN
Agreed.  He was wonderful.  May he rest in peace.
RIP, Senator McGovern

we will miss him i wonder if there ever will be another like him
The comments pretty much relate the gaping hole in history that this generation has...and the predictable effect of today's political wasteland.
11402 101 1 0 10
When presidential candidate George McGovern took on incumbent Richard Nixon in 1972, no one really expected him to win – and he didn’t. But in his bold, grassroots, seat-of-the-pants campaign, which energized young and progressive Americans to a degree never before seen, we find the genesis of today's powerful and sophisticated progressive movement.



Using a wealth of amazing archival materials, interviews with provocative figures including historian Howard Zinn, and extensive interviews with McGovern himself, this “tremendously thought-provoking tribute to the one man who could have dramatically and permanently altered America’s political landscape for the better [is] essential viewing.” (CBS Radio)

PT2M37S
sd
MovieID::::982
The good horror movie. The woman in black series, I love it. Why did many people complain about this movie? This movie has good story. I hope this movie never dead. Please give us the woman in black session 3. Maybe about who is the woman in black?
Next part 3 come
like girl plz omg hastag ogly  girl
This looks great. Very nicely edited trailer and the score sounds superb too! Can't wait!
I cant wait to see this.
What happened to Hammer? :(
92953 190 22 0 10
Subscribe to Hammer for all our latest releases and classic clips http://bit.ly/1k38x0A

In cinemas 2015.

England, 1941 With London in the midst of the blitz, two teachers evacuate a group of schoolchildren to the abandoned Eel Marsh House. Seeking safety from the bombs in the remote coastal location, the group instead find themselves facing an evil far more frightening when their arrival awakens the Woman in Black.
PT2M43S
hd
MovieID::::983
in the suck it up scene, what part of the little boy got hurt ? Saw the movie but forgot.
trailer song name?
this movie felt like a bunch of actors had the week off and decided to make a movie, it's not the nagging jewish woody allen or larry david film you are expecting
I loved how this movie portrayed those extreme characters we encounter in real life in such a realistic/absurd way. I found myself laughing throughout the whole movie lmao
that kid looks so familiar...

agreed - both of the movies you mentioned were GREAT!
yea - because everywhere else in the world is perfect - damn, petrino, you and 41 other people are retards.
milver/dealin-with-idiots-2013-video
amen, people sukk
no dealing with the world
natasha leggero
dang who is  that chick at the 1:00 mark
Movies released this week are liked with YouTube an average of 94%, with a standard deviation of 4%. Dealin' With Idiots is currently liked 89%.
Definitely "Garlin" not "Carlin"
It would have been cool if he cast Jennifer Tilly as her girlfriend.
This looks smashing.  Get it....smashing?
Vardalos is your go-to actress when you want unfunny.
Yeah, Nia "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" Vardalos is your go-to actress when you want "dry."
I love you, Jeff, but I thought we all agreed: no one—but no one—needs to see any more of Nia Vardalos.
Fuck, I was so excited seeing the title on PublicHD, Thought there was going to be killing and Saw like shit but no.
Major rip off of Mitch Hedberg's little league joke.
Whoa! Aren't you witty!? Don't cut yourself on that sharp edge.
I can't wait to see this movie!  This is my life!!!
I'm so into this.. love him on Curb!
I think this looks funny! Not typical.
I love Jeff Carlin?  Looks good!
Gina Gershon as a lesbian again? Oh boy :))))  Scenes from Bound is still fresh in my memory... ;)
I assume anyone who isn't giving this movie a chance based on the trailer hasn't seen Garlin's last movie, "I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With".  Yes, the humor is intentionally dry.  He doesn't go for the big laughs.  Kind of like Steve Buscemi's "Trees Lounge" was many years ago.
Not everything has to be a summer blockbuster folks. Stop crying, at least it's not grown ups.
God this looks awful, definitely going to watch it.
106555 182 25 0 32
http://www.joblo.com - "Dealing With Idiots" - Official Trailer

Faced with the absurd competitiveness surrounding his son's youth league baseball team, Max Morris, a famous comedian, decides to get to know the colorful parents and coaches of the team better in an attempt to find the inspiration for his next movie.

Director: Jeff Garlin

Writers: Jeff Garlin, Peter Murrieta

Stars: Jeff Garlin, Gina Gershon, Jami Gertz
PT2M2S
hd
MovieID::::984
I have never seen this film, but I recently read that the series Starsky and Hutch was based on this movie.
Blake and Gould make a great team
The smooth tracking shots of the chase scenes, keep in mind that this was about 4 or 5 years before the "Steady Cam" came into existence. I would love to see the rig they used to accomplish these shots.
Elliots Mustache during his 'M.A.S.H.' to 'Busting' years was Hall of Fame...he and Barbara Split up sometime in between, but i havent seen a photo of them 2 when he had the 'stache'.
Two vice cops with one virtue: busting.  God this looks like such cheap pulp fun!
0:24 BUSTING MIGHT JUST GET YOU KILLED
BUSTING BUSTING BUSTING BUSTING
Elliot Gould in the 1970s could do no wrong...he made so many amazing films in that decade in particular
@1:00  ''I'm laying more than one finger on you''
Moutstache Mania. hehe
This trailer needs SABOTAGE by the Beastie Boys playing over it.
Warner Bros Should stop Pratting about and get this Classic Movie out on Region 2 DVD or release it on Blu ray Disc as this is 42/43 years too long and am tired of the waiting as it has been along time since this was on TV DISGRACEFUL AS THIS IS NOT AVAILABLE TO BUY IN THE UK.
I thought Busting made you feel good.
The chase and shootout through the supermarket, all done in one very long, elaborate take is one of the best action scenes ever filmed.And you gotta love a car chase scene involving ambulances!
This has always been one of my all time favorite movies.
Check out the Silent Partner, He was real good in that
anyway you can make me a copy on dvd.how much
Damn good movie.
Always liked Elliot Gould when he was younger. At home doing edgy or comedic parts, he had a wide range. Shame he went on to be so bland in the later part of his career.
Awesome! Is it available on dvd? I must see this- thank you
Great action-comedy that's keep you in your seat!!!
17813 84 2 0 25
The tough cop movie boom of the 1970s created many iconic films but one that regularly gets overlooked in discussions of this period is Busting from 1974. The debut theatrical feature from writer/director Peter Hyams (Timecop, 2010), Busting featured the great casting of key 70s player Elliot Gould with cult actor Robert Blake and this long unseen trailer does a great job of highlighting the action packed anarchic style that Busting adopted.

This fantastic trailer was found on a Warner Brothers rental VHS dealer tape from the early 1980s and is shown here for the first time.

TRAILERIFIC is a series of 10 ultra rare trailer released over 10 days during November 2012!
PT2M38S
sd
MovieID::::985
They won't tell you what song it is
please whats the name of the song in this trailer and who sings it?
Yeah... give us the name so we can purchase it! Seriously.  It's selfish not to share good tunes! Thanks! Loved the flick.
what's the name of the song that plays in the end of the movie -? (that says: look at it walking , takes my breath away) and who sings it -? please :)
17013 35 4 0 4
Official Trailer for UK Independent Feature Film 'Comes A Bright Day'.

UK Release Date 13/07/2012

Comes A Bright Day is a romantic thriller set during the armed robbery of one of London's most exclusive jewellers. Sometimes funny, often dark, always captivating and never what you expect.

Written and directed by Simon Aboud, starring Craig Roberts, Imogen Poots, Kevin McKidd and Timothy Spall.
PT1M29S
hd
MovieID::::986
Charlie look out
What happened to most of all these videos, Sum White Guy?
Fuck you YouTube/Google for deleting these!!!!
Do you have these from the very beginning? Had been watching all of them on someone else's sight but can't find then now. Watched these a million times...love em'
Thank you for uploading these... :-)
Thanks. I was looking for these about three weeks before you uploaded them. Much appreciated.
41151 40 1 0 7
Looked everywhere online and Episodes 3-6 of Book II weren't available. So, I decided to find them and upload them. Enjoy!!

Episode 3 of 6 of Book II

September 17, 1862 - Spring 1864
PT10M8S
sd
MovieID::::987
j'adore belmondo dans l'animal
J'adore!!! Bebel & Welch. And Cosma.
Grande film e grandi attori. Film tra l'altro che dimostra come altri film francesi dell'epoca un certo amore verso la cultura la cultura italiana da parte dei francesi.
le bebel de la grande époque !!
trop drole bebel tu nous manques...
excellent !!  una obra prima .  J PAUL BELMONDO TRÉES MAGNÍFICO !!!  ADOREI !!!!!  ANTONIO CARLOS
37418 50 1 0 6
trailer du film avec Jean-Paul Belmondo, Raquel Welch, Aldo Maccione, Charles Gerard
PT2M51S
sd
MovieID::::988
When is this coming out??
4710 29 0 0 1
Trailer for new documentary chronicling the life and work of the innovative and influential New-Wave director Jean-Luc Godard, who transformed the cinematic landscape of France and the world.
PT3M21S
sd
MovieID::::989
Torna Verdone ,ora i soldi tanno dato intesta.... Danilo
C’è. Fatemi capire il canale YouTube del più grande attore comico italiano ha zero iscritti ?? Porca miseria che vergogna GRANDE CARLO MI SONO GIÀ ISCRITTO
Carlo può pubblicare il film completo?Grazie Mille
49984 169 10 0 4
Carlo Verdone (Pasquale, Furio, Mimmo), Irina Sanpiter (Magda), Lella Fabrizi (nonna),
Mario Brega (il "Principe"), Angelo Infanti (il Playboy), Milena Vukotic (la prostituta).
PT3M44S
sd
MovieID::::990
Fucking brilliant band. I love ya JP
Found your drummer on instagram through Nathan Camarena. He's Zach Hill v 2.0
3115 17 2 0 2
Album: Beneath California
Song: Let's Not Keep In Touch
General Genre: Hardcore Punk/Powerviolence

Lyrics:
It's time to start old sweetheart, get a head start.
State of the art, the weak part, oops... restart.
Direct me from a laundry cart, call it abstract art.
As wise as we think we are, we fall apart.
Gotta lie and remain honest, or outsmart.
Sucking on the lower body part for the most part.
Boring body part bored in court, broke it's natal chart.
Just buy a new artificial atrium for the heart.
Depression gets distracted by the fattest cells that need to eat.
Beat the street meat and make it grow obsolete.
Drag the cold feet to slurp up what we all excrete.
Everyone fucks each other in their own back seat.
It's time to scrape by and watch boring crap on repeat... Incomplete.
Rewind and rewind till shit breaks apart.
Wanna crawl under a dead animal's under part?
Cry till a sucker becomes a counterpart?
I'll just figure out a way to depart.
Every empire gets fat and falls apart.
So sorry my dying sweetheart,
I know I have no need to take part.
I'll take myself right back to the start.
PT3M14S
hd
MovieID::::991
The Famous Grouse (Publicidade)
Com voz de Aurélio Gomes

1998
PT21S
sd
MovieID::::992
3258 3 2 0 0
Own it now on or DVD https://www.umbrellaent.com.au/

25 year-old Jonathan (Garrett Hedlund, Tron:Legacy) is a man who rarely looks over his shoulder. Estranged from his wealthy New York family, his life is one of hard-living excess and selfish pursuits as a musician on the make. But when he discovers that his terminally ill father (Academy Award® nominee Richard Jenkins, Burn After Reading) is preparing to remove himself from life-support, Jonathan faces one of the most challenging and emotionally tumultuous 48 hours of his young life.

Forced to reconnect with his kin, mother Rachel (Academy Award® nominee Anne Archer, Fatal Attraction) and uptight sister Karen (Jessica Brown Findlay, Downton Abbey), Jonathan attempts to reconcile his rebellious past, rekindling an all-but-forgotten friendship with Emily (Academy Award® nominee Amy Adams, American Hustle) and crossing paths with a young hospital patient offering plenty of sage advice.

Also featuring Academy Award® winner Jennifer Hudson (Dreamgirls) and Academy Award® nominee Terence Howard (Hustle & Flow), Lullaby takes a deep and thought-provoking look into the heart of human compassion.
PT2M28S
sd
MovieID::::993
The US military is an abomination. The sooner it gets itself kicked out of the countries it occupies violently the better and that could not happen a day soon.
awsome movie trailer seems boring but its truly shows how it is out there to be a solider
Korengal is a sequel to Restrepo, a 2010 American documentary film about the Afghanistan war. Korengal, like Restrepo, is largely comprised of footage shot by Junger and Hetherington while embedded with American troops during the Afghanistan war. Junger had originally planned to create a 3 x 60-minutes series called Battle Company, as previously reported, but instead has whittled the material down to a single film. The film is due to be released in theaters in New York on May 30, 2014, with a pay-VOD release following in September 2014.
145372 164 38 0 7
Korengal Official Trailer directed by Sebastian Junger.

From May 2007 to July 2008, Junger and his colleague Tim Hetherington chronicled the deployment of a platoon of US troops in the deadliest valley in Afghanistan, and the experiences they captured became RESTREPO. Constructed by Junger from entirely unused, never-before-seen footage, KORENGAL picks up where the previous film left off: the same men, the same valley, the same commanders, but a very different look at the experience of war. The film explains how war works, what it feels like and what it does to the young men who fight it. As one soldier cheers when he kills an enemy fighter, another looks into the camera and asks if God will ever forgive him for all of the killing he has done. As one soldier grieves the loss of his friend in combat, another explains why he misses the war now that his deployment has ended and admits he would go back to the front line in a heartbeat. Every bit as intense and affecting as RESTREPO, KORENGAL gives audiences a front row view into the world of combat.

Release Date: 2014
Director: Sebastian Junger
Cast: Juan 'Doc Restrepo, Dan Kearney, Misha Pemble-Belkin
Genre: Documentary, History
Country. USA
Official Site: http://korengalthemovie.com/

FilmIsNow your first stop for the latest new cinematic videos the moment they are released. Whether it is the latest studio trailer release, an evocative documentary, clips, TV spots, or other extra videos, the FilmIsNow team is dedicated to providing you with all the best new videos because just like you we are big movie fans.

Click to Subscribe: http://bit.ly/SubFIN
Check our G+ Page: http://goo.gl/Slx3tQ
Check our Website: http://www.filmisnow.com
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/UFZaEu
Twitter: http://twitter.com/#!/filmisnow
PT2M6S
hd
MovieID::::994
Clive Owen..Master Class.
im here not bmw, but inarritu
El hecho de que su madre era ciega podria interpretarse como que el al poder tener vision tomaba fotos para apreciar los momentos y luego relatarselos a su madre. O tambien refleja el hecho de que su madre no podria apreciar su trabajo. Es simplemente brillante.
Vote Clive Owen for the next Bond!!
una vision fechada en 2001, de lo que puede ser el Mexico de hoy, de Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu.
This defiantly should become a full feature.
If you mean the song when Clive (the driver) meets Stellans (the photographer) mom at the end, then it is my friends cousin Carlos Varelas song "Una palabra"...
anyone know what the name of the song that is played in this video?
i think he wanted to die, because of the remorse he felt by not helping the war victis. This has happened in real life mind you. See Kevin Carter
My favorite of the BMW Series! Clive is brilliant in this!
very nice


yo estuve en ese film ajua

"Que la muerte no entre aqui"
"May death not enter here"
"I never have time to play with my kids."
"How many have you got?"
"None."

That line gets me every time.
wow.... I got goose bumps at 7:47
Que means who/that/, La Muerte means death; there are actually two more lines of graffiti but there's a guy in the way. que la muerte ____(o?)entre _____ but a ten-minute web search couldn't help me find any idioms or sayings for it.
this just made me cry
so, i know bmw is great and all, but next time you are saving a civilian from a war-struck country, you maaaay wanna send a bullet-proof car... just sayin ;)
At 02:16 is a Graffiti on the wall, Que la muerte...? What is the last word and what does is it mean?
this comment made my day hahaha!
Unless you make it so.
the moral of the film is: "A BMW: It's not bullet-proof."
Show us some of your *war photos*, shall we? I'd rather call you a youtube troll than a true phographer.
well i guess we are from two different schools of Photography...

I guess you are those who just go for an overpriced DSLR and spend most of their time on Photoshop and dare call themselves photographers... if that's photography to you... well I ain't no photographer pal!

The utterly purposeless answer I've ever heard.... you became a photographer becoz your mama told you so?!?!? It twists the true meaning about photograph.
I am a photographer myself, it seems that you don't know a damn about photographing.
Clearly you don't know much about photographers man...

The story is insane, illogical and too drama.... the dying guy at a hostile border was taking pictures at gun point? I doubt about his intelligence, even an ignorant won't do soooo.....
@MrFTW733 The Driver (Clive Owen) tells Jacobs' mother that "he won the Pulitzer."
What is the song at 1:32?
My face is covered in tears... :'( These short films are some of the most hard hitting work I have ever seen.
when I watched Biutiful by alejandro gonzalez inarritu i remembered the song he played when javier badiem's character is walking on the bridge talking on the phone. this is where i remember that tune from.

@Absolution00216 "Man on Fire"
last scene make reminds me "burning man" same song, similar situation
One of the best marketing campaigns that I've seen.
the man knows how to tell a story.
2nd favorite!
@gtm3 the man probably have a message wrote in braille for his mother
how can he get a bullet to his belly when he was runing away?
Magnífico trabajo de Inárritu. Ojalá las películas nuevas fueran tan cautivantes como este corto.
"Why are you a photographer?"

"I don't know..cause my mom taught me to see."

Best one thus far..
It's interesting that in most of these BMW commercials the use of the car is far more subtle than when they crow barred BMWs into James Bond!
Do you guys think the dog tags just had the photographer's name, or did they have a message?
X5 owns the road
@DinoVincent You cant change something thats been recorded like that
Please stop shaking the damn camera
thx@ abmwfan i never finbd the video and you are my escape yihaaa
Great but I still not understand about the story.
Amazing! Thank you.
Muito bom esse video. só fortalece ainda mais a marca BMW.
Once, one blind mother asked his son to "see". Then he became war photographer so the world could see, even tough then he died because of it.
What an amazing and touching story.
I love this Short Film, I would love to see more
This is the best one of the series. In fact all the shorts are fantastic, since they are very different in style and content. Shame they have to have the BMW stigma attached to them, if not they certainly would've been award worthy. Its great that Inarritu was a part of the project, Amores Perros and 21 Grams are unforgettable cinematic experiences. Brilliant short.
@SonOfAlvar Dont tell me how life really is.Ive lived in bloody five countries that are known for terrorism and warcrimes. I just think its too serious to just use it for a commercial....
this video is more than a commercial my friend.. instead of criticizing what it should be you should appreciate what it is
Third world country...wild wild west
this vid is a bit too serious, given the fact its a m´commercial...
@FigurativeSpeech About Inception that is YOUR personal opinion, I have mine. But since neither of us can see into the future, I guess only time will tell.
At least we agree this short is somethning special
@FigurativeSpeech

As long as the world has places which will haunt a person for life it should be showed so that others can be haunted by it and thereby prevent it.

A constant reminder is the only thing which will work, and thats what journalists and enviromentalists have done for years now.

What can I say, I want to shoot stuff that matters. Instead  of arrogant models and photographers who leech of your knowledge. I guess im just bored of fashion and want to record history lol.
@cloak002 couldn't agree more. Films don't get any more powerful than this. This film is what the craft is about.
@seeqay Inception - greatly overrated. It won't survive the test of time. This short however...does
@THEBOXISMINE do you really? No glory in it, just pain and sorrow that will hunt you for life. That is - if you're lucky enough to survive your job.
@THEBOXISMINE do you really? No glory in it, just pain and sorrow that will hunt you for life.
@wilIiamhawthorne huh? And what exactly did you expect to see from Inarritu? This is by far the best of all BMW films and one of the most powerful, emotional shorts - commercial or not. This is Oscar class material. Do explain though.
@somika87 im sorry, no... the x5 4.4 deserved more attention
This song was also in Man On Fire with Denzel Washington... so great... really brings out emotions
Single Manly Tear .jpg
@wilIiamhawthorne well... theres no particular reasons... Its mostly what you think...
@wilIiamhawthorne  why?
i love the song whats the name of it again?
@8sinnaiG And to further that "y al mismo tiemp lo dice todo", in the verse about la mirada.. I agree completely with your point. Clever filmwork, emotional also.
@paperkay  Beats the shit outta taking pics of models and uninteresting sport events.
Damn I want to be a war photographer.
This song is in Man on Fire. Am i right?
what is the name of the song in the middle i know the artist
whats that song in 6:30 and up
If anyone wants to know the ending music - Sebastian Escofet is the artist.
The acting, the scenario, the picture, the music, the directing... this 10 minutes movie is much better than all the crap I've watched (and pay for) at the theater lately... Except for Inception :)
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is a great director !
@AntonioR123

lol try going to imdb.com search for this movie and its credits. look for soundtrack and it should be there.
these short movies just make you wanna have a BMW.
una palabra also in the last scene of man on fire no?
@AntonioR123

It's in the credits: "Una Palabra" Carlos Varela.
@AntonioR123

It's in the credits: "Una Palabra" Carlos Varela.
A good film but believe it or not, the trailer for this film is even better.  One of the best trailers I've ever seen.
what is the song at 6.20 ???? pls i am searching for it for at least 5 years :( !!???
out of focus backlit overexposure
I think every movie in the series are good!
Alejando Inarritu.... I love all his movies!

He's an amazing Mexican director



Babel, 21 Grams...etc
@somika87 I agree. I remember watching this in my Film class a year ago and the end is just...so sad and left me feeling why people have to kill each others... :(
This was the best one of the whole series
Everything about that film was excellante.
Though the bit were the X5 actually does some off roading was laughable.
The Name of the Song is "Una Palabra" from Carlos Varela. It's an Sountrack to the Film "Man on Fire" with Denzel Washinton.
This is realy realy well done! :)
461309 1434 37 0 152
The Hire is a series of short films made by BMW together with some of the worlds best directors.

Powderkeg - starring Clive Owen, Lois Smith, Stellan Skarsgard and the BMW X5. Directed by Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu.
PT10M41S
sd
MovieID::::995
The Driver is carrying an Asian child who has been chosen for a strange ritual. He must drive him through a dark night in the city to get to a monk's house, while eluding several American cars out to get the child

Directed by Ang Lee in 2001, this short film is part of The BMW Short films.
PT8M18S
sd
MovieID::::996
Now I wanna a BMW Z4
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
BMW paid for this crap?
Well... That was weird.
Brian! :-) :-)
Little role, but one of the nicest :-)
"Can you keep it down in there..? I'm tryin to read"
Lmao gotta love Manson
Awesome stuff!
james brown is james brown, he´s  very, very good, I loved, this the men....
Oh Marilyn I love you
RIP James Brown.
The BMW blatantly wouldn't win in real life (IRL)
I'm trying to read!
Haha "Tell 'im I'm not 'ere. He spooks me out!"
4:40 that's got to be the happiest i've ever seen danny trejo
Yes, as it says in the description, this is part of BMW's 8 short films shot about 10 years ago made by popular filmmakers. Watch them (Ambush, Chosen, The Follow, Star, Powder Keg, Hostage, Ticker and this one, Beat the Devil), they're worth it.
"You don't like girls do ya?"
"I do actually."
"Really? That's awful. You don't know what you're missing."
the ending kinda looks similiar to Fast and Furious....Kinda,

ROCK IS DEAD
According to Eddie Murphy, nobody knows what James is saying.  Not even his own band.
GARY OLDMAN!
That was the most fucking amazing 9.45 in the history of cinema.
So just shut up and enjoy the ride :)

Explosion looks funny.
I find it amusing that they had to subtitle James Brown.
Danny Trejo, Gary Oldman, and Clive Owen? Nice combo.

Even the Devil has his own Satan ex machina...
Better then most "full-time" movies :)
this was fuckin crazy!
Interesting to say the least
FUCK. Tony Scott died today.
thumbs up if you think they should do a new season everyear wen new cars come out
best in the hire
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THIS?!
1:53 Machete FTW
Garry Oldman WTF
I feel good ...
Name film :)?

For your info, Epic Beard Man was in this movie.
the whole vdo sucks bt marlyn makes the sweet ending ......long live marlyn manson
Gotta love that 3.0 liter straight 6 and that beautiful 50-50 weight distribution as well damn them cars are fun to drive
i got mine now
*British teeth...yikes Clive Owen.
Oldman channels Mick Jagger's neon light scene from Nick Roeg's "Performance".
This may very well be the greatest 10 minute film ever made. Well played BMW
YOU GOTTA LOVE GARRY OLDMAN
So, if you get into a black Cadillac, you step out being able to dance like James Brown.
i love these short films.
i like this film a lot, but there is no way a stock Z4 can beat old camaro with supercharge.....
personally, that Devil can make me do anything.... ;)
I just read, ABMWFAN, a few seconds after I pressed suscribe!
Gary Oldman is fuckn baller. Not many people could steal the scene from James Brown
What is the song that is playing when the devil is recovering and Manson rings the doorbell?
Damn that sucked!
Oh the devil didnt cheat. How noble
this film is weird, with no meaning, waste of time, horrible and I LOVE IT
the hell did i just watch?
it's perfect....love it.....psycho...:P
While I'm fortunate enough to own this exact model Z4 the closest I've got to racing the devil is sadly just putting tailgating Corsa driving chavs in their place.
@yash29k I'm proud to own an Audi, so does that make me neutral? :)
papa's got a brand new beamer
I wouldn't sign that piece of shit WTF?!
@ExistentialVigilante What about Gary Oldman?
This maybe the best thing Tony Scott has ever done..
One of my favorites out of all the BMW short films.
no, this is the greatest one so far! :D
After watching this I know that

This is the best The Hire
I want Danny Trejo to be my butler
I want James Brown back


@COD04MW you mean gary coleman? haha wow
LOL Isn't Gary Oldman  The Voice Actor Of Sgt. Reznov In CoD World At War?
@diana666777 *nods*
@ExistentialVigilante

"Funkaliciousness".

LOL Awesome.  :)

.... Probably One Of The Greatest Things Ever Made, Ya?
Well, that was psychotic, psycadelic, insane, over the top, but above all enjoyable. Gary Oldman is really trying to show us just how crazy he can get. The touch with Marilyn Manson is nice, too.
"Can you keep it down in there!?!? I'm trying to read here! Ok!?!!?!?" bahahhahhahahahha fucking love it!
the devil actually freaked out by Manson... HAHAHAHAH!!!!

GOD IS IN THE TEEE VEEEEEE!!!
Fuck, this is one of my favorite shorts ever!
Of course when James sold his soul the first time...the Devil rode in a Caddie. That is the way its done, baby!
hahaha good way to end it
story line from movie crossroads.... "yo boy against my boy" bad azz whips too.
Nicely done........  Love the sub-story to it all......  While advertising the BMW......  Clive Owen is/was a stunt driver before.......  Great choice!
"its Marilyn, that creep from down the hall"

LoL!!!
didnt get it why its advertising for bmw ?
funny but not very good. gary oldman's great playing the prince of darkness, haha. wkw's short's been the best up to now for me.
what's trejo's car ?
that was very very good most of his work is like the same just like man on fire
Marilyn Manson reading the Bible?
Very good and deep in the same time...and crazy ...perfect combination. ohh and MM at the end. Epic.
what the hell.  that was the oddest thing, with such a massive budget.  insane.
Possibly the randomest thing I've seen all year.
Easily the best of the series. If Tom Waits would have appeared this could be some extra material for Domino :-D
lol i love it that they subtitle james browns speech haha that made me chuckle
This is funny, but it's really fucked up.
at 8:05 what the fuck is wrong with his face?
5:05 is FTW!!!!

Devil
"You don't like girls do yaaa?"

Clive
"I do actually."

Devil
".... Really? That's awful. You don't know what you're missing."
Trejo doesn't say much, but he should be credited.
Does Dr. Pepper count?
8:35 haha! im trying to read. Look at the face he makes.
The Original Series (featuring all BMW Series) where filmed 2001. The New One featuring the Z4 only in 2002
252661 1080 32 0 111
The Hire is a series of short films made by BMW together with some of the worlds best directors.

Beat the Devil - starring Clive Owen, Gary Oldman, James Brown and the BMW Z4. Directed by Tony Scott.
PT9M45S
sd
MovieID::::997
5887 19 2 0 0

PT8M58S
sd
MovieID::::998
5755 10 1 0 0
2014  Aventuras

Dirigida por Tom Fernández
Interpretada por Pancho, Patricia Conde, Iván Massagué, Álex O'Dogherty y Secun de la Rosa.

Tom Fernández, director nominado al Goya por La Torre de Suso y habitual guionista y realizador de comedia tanto en cine (¿Para qué sirve un oso?) como en televisión ('7 vidas'), se pone tras las cámaras en esta comedia para toda la familia que sigue las aventuras de Pancho, un perro multimillonario, intrépido y un poco gamberro que tras un inesperado giro en su vida de lujo y extravagantes caprichos deberá enfrentarse a los peligros del mundo real en un viaje que le enseñará que la verdadera riqueza no se encuentra en lo material sino en el poder de la amistad.
PT1M43S
sd
MovieID::::999
6635 19 1 0 0
Winter of Discontent by Ibrahim El Batout. Opens 23 August, with Amr Waked, Salah Al Hanafy, Farah Youssef.
Set against the background of the February 2011 protests in Tahrir Square that resulted in the fall of Mubarak, the film explores the lives of 3 people: activist Amr, journalist Farah and state security officer Adel.
PT2M4S
hd
MovieID::::1000
no trailer on IMBD tells me a lot more....
..this trailer told me nothing...
27204 10 4 0 2
www.imagineimbeautiful.com
PT1M54S
hd
